#   01 How to prepare for an interview
> This is Anna, on a bus going to an interview for a job as a sales executive at Tip Top Trading - one of London's fastest-growing companies. How are you feeling Anna?
Oh a little nervous but I really want this job.
Well, don't worry Anna, as long as you say the right things, you'll be fine.
The right things? Like what?
You need to sell yourself, be confident, not arrogant, and give examples, like: 

* a good example that comes to mind is ...
* I am particularly proud of
* Timekeeping is important to me

Oh right, thanks, Perhaps you can come with me?

> Sorry Anna, you are on your own now, but we'll be listening in. Look, You have just arrived, good look!

Come in, Hello I am Paul, the manager of Tip Top Trading, you must be ...
It's Anna.
Yes very good, thanks for coming, now somewhere is this pile, I have got your CV.
Err is that it there?
Oh yes, thanks Hannah. Your qualifications look impressive but I was wondering what sales experience can you bring to our company?
I worked in a shop once.

> Oh Anna, sell yourself, give a good example.

Oh right, well, a good example that comes to my mind is when I was involved with a campaign to promote and sell a new range of clothes, I loved doing it and it was...
Oh sorry, excuse me, here is your tea Paul.
Oh thanks Denise. Now Anna, it looks like you've achieved a lot during your time at university, could you give me an example of good team working during your time there?

Sorry I forgot the sugar. Thank you Denise.
So you want an example? I was the treasurer of the debating society at university, that was ok I suppose.

> Come on Anna, be me enthusiastic, the debating society is exciting!

I mean, I'm particularly proud of how I organize the finances for the debating society. We had a very small budget, and I had to make decisions on what to buy.

> I like it, "I am particularly proud of" positive but not boasting, you are doing well

Very impressive, so you are a good planner Anna. We like organized people here. Oops, silly me, I seemed to have split tea over your CV.
Oh do you need help?
Oh, no. I am sure it'll still dry out, carry on please.
Also timekeeping is import to me. I always try to complete my work on time. At university I never handed my assignments in late.
That is good to hear, we like punctuality here.
Excuse me Paul, Sorry it's a bit late but I thought you might like a biscuit with tea.
Oh lovely, custard creams, mmm, now Hannah, finally I wanted yo ask you what exactly made you apply for this job at this company.
Oh well, the reason I applied is...
