# 02 The interruption - structuring answers

> Hello, welcome back to the offices of Tip Top Trading,  where Anna's interview for a sales job continues, when we last say goodbye, Tip Top Trading's boss Paul had asked Anna why she wanted this job.  
> 
> First she said: Err...
> 
> Since then, she has added: ...
> 
> And as we joined her again, Anna is saying:
> 
> Wel... Err, I am... Err...
> 
> Come on Anna, if you can't think of the words you need, find another way of saying it. 

I am... welll, I really really want this job, and I am willing to work hard if I get this job. 

So you are very motivated then...

Motivated, yes, that is it. I am really motivated. Good! Why?

> Now, over to you Anna, structure your answer, say firstly, then give you first reason. Secondly, and then a second reason, then say above all, and give a really realy good enthusiastic final reason. 
> 
> Go for it, firstly...

Firstly, this job is an ideal match for my skills and experience, I've spent several years working in sales, and I get on with people easily. Well I mean apart from the ones I don't like of course. 

Secondly, I know Tip Top Trading is one of the fastest-growing companies in Lundon, I want to be part of that. 

That is abosultely right. Tip Top Trading is the fastest-growing company in the plastic fruit sector. But enough about the company, this is all about you Anna. 

Sorry Anna, where were we? 

Well, I said that firstly, this job is an ideal match for my skills and experience, secondly, the company is growing fast, and above all, the reason I want this job is... yes?

Denise, is everything alright? 

No, Paul, it is not. Everything is not OK. 

You look **pale**, here, sit down, drink what has left of my tea. 

Oh thank you. Oh, what are those bits floating in it. 

Oh they're just **lumps of** **soggy** biscuit. In fact, if I can just get that bit out with my finger... for you... Mmm, delicious! Now, what happend.

Well, it is terrible...

> Oh dear, just as Anna was doing really well, it looks like her interview has come to a sudden end, what's happened, join us next to find, but before we go, here is a reminder of how Anna structured her response:
> 
> * firstly, this job is an ideal match for my skills and experience. 
> 
> * seondly, I know Tip Top Trading is one of the fastest-growing companies in Lundon.
> 
> * And above all, the reason I want this job is... 
> 
> Anna couldn't remember the word 'motivated', so just found another way fo saying what she meant. 
> 
> * I really, really want this job, and I am willing to work very hard if I get it.
> 
> Nice work Anna, Let's hope you get the chance to finish your interview next week. 

pale: 苍白的

lumps of: 块的, 一块块的

soggy: a. 极度湿软的