# 03 The Crisis - Making suggestions

> Here we are again at Tip Top Trading, where Anna's interview for a sales job has been suddenly interrupted. Office assistent Denise has entered the room looking very worried. What is wrong? 
> 
> And will Anna has any suggestions what might help? 

I don't know what to do!
So what is the matter Denise?
You know the PowerPoint presentation?
The one we have been preparing for last two months?
Yes.
The one that is very very important and we need this afternoon?
That one. Aha?
We've lost everything!
No...
I had it on a USB stick to transfer it but the stick has **vanished**

> Right Anna, now it is your chance to help them find solutions to the problem. You'll need phrases like that:

1. Can I make a suggestion?
2. Why don't you...?
3. Have you tried...?
4. Maybe we could...
5. How about...
6. I have an idea...

But don't you have it saved on your computer?
No, it was taking up a lot of space so I deleted it.
So you have lost the only copy we have.
Yes.

> What idiots! I have never seen a disorganised office. Go on Anna, you'd better help them.
> Can I make a suggestion?
> Yes please do.
> Why don't you try looking in your recycle bin, it might still be there.
> I did, it isn't.
> Have you tried asking your colleagues if they have seen the memory stick.  I did, they haven't.
> How about looking through your rubbish bin to see if you threw it away by mistake?
> I don't do silly things like that!
> All very sensible suggestions Anna, Thank you.
> Maybe I could do a big office search for you, I am good at finding things.
> There are confidential documents in this office, non-staff are not allowed to see them.
> Now now Denise, why don't you drink up that nice tea?
> I have a idea, did you ever email the presentation to anyone?
> **Golly gosh**. You did Denise, you emailed it to me to **proof-read.** It will be in my inbox somewhere. Good thinking Anna.
> I was just about to make that suggestion myself.
> Problem solved. Thanks you Anna. Pleasure.
> Well done Anna.Right, now please leave us Denise, Anna and I will continue our interview.
> Would you like a biscuit Anna?
> Thank you, Oh what is that?
> Oh golly gosh, the usb stick. It was mixed in with the plate of biscuits that Denise brought in.
> It is wet. Yes I think maybe I **stirred** my tea with it at one point. Oh well now, where were we?
> My Godness, it is 11 o'clock, I have a meeting right now. I am afraid I am going to have go, but I have made my mind up about you, anyway, I suppose you'd like to know if you've got this job. Yes please.
> Stop right there, I am sure everybody would like to know if Anna is got this job, but everybody is going to have to wait until we've heard her helpful phrases, once again.
> Can I make a suggestion?
> why don't you try looking in your recycle in.
> Have you tried asking your colleagues if they have seen the memory stick?
> 
> Maybe I could do a big office search for you?
> How about looking through your rubbish bin?
> I have an idea!

Anna, we need someone who can think on her feet, and who is the first-rate people person, someone who see the solutions not problems, someone like you, so if you want this job, it is yours.

> think carefully Anna, do you really want to work with these people? They seem a lit disorganised.

I would definitely like this job.

proof-read: v. 校对

**vanish** 突然不见， 消失，不复存在 
**take up** 拿起， 开始从事， 占据(时间，地方)
**think on his or her feet** 独立思考
**golly gosh** 天呐天呐

first-rate: 一流的
