 # 04 Doing lunch introducing yourself

> Last week, Anna got the job of sales executive at Tip-Top-Trading, thanks to her quick-thinking in an office crisis. Today is her first day in the office. How are you feeling now Anna?

Excited, but a bit worried. I really want to make a good first impression.

> You are going to need some phrases to introduce yourself politely. Such as:

1. Hello, I don't think we have met/
2. You must be and say the person's name.
3. I have just joined the team.
4. Nice to meet you.
5. Have you worked here long?

Why don't you start by saying hello to Tom Darcy, the senior account manager.

I'll seal the deal, no worries. Ok, see you mate, bye.

Hello I don't think we have met.
No.
You must be Tom, I'm Anna, I've just join the team, nice to meet you. Have you worked here long?
Sorry I am quite busy right now. I've got a big deal just coming through, but let's get together some time, can you do lunch tomorrow?

You want me to do lunch? Well I am not very...
Sorry, important client, lunch tomorrow at 12:30 then? Tom speaking! Frankie, Yah, what is the latest? Still are we on? Well ok then.

> Great Anna, you use the nice phrases to introduce yourself. It is a shame Tom thinks he is too important to do the same.

I am sure he is just busy, but I am a bit worried about tomorrow.

Good morning Paul. Good morning Anna. Are you OK?
Fine, the kitchen is through there, isn't it? Yes.

Anna, Hi Denise. What are you doing?
Cooking lunch for Tom. You what?
Tom asked me to have lunch ready at 12:30.
Did he indeed?
Anna. hey Tom. What are you doing?
Spring rolls followed by crispy duck in black sauce.
No I mean, why are you cooking?
Well if I don't start now, it won't be ready for you at 12:30.?
Oh you misunderstood me. When I said "can you do lunch", it did not mean "can you make me lunch", it meant are you available to come to lunch with me at cafe or something.
Oh something smells good but what's going on here?
Anna thinks it's her job to cook for people.
No, I misunderstood.
Anna just got a bit confused.
Well never mind, it looks tasty.
That is enough for everyone if you want some. I think it is a splendid idea, we can have an office picnic.