# 05 Make polite requests 

> How is going Anna?

Everything is so still new to me, I keep needing to ask people for help.

> Well, that is only natural at the beginning. To ask people politely for help use the words 'Would' and 'Could', you can also use the word 'please', but don't make the mistake of thinking that is enough to make what you say polite.

OK.

Hello Anna, Hello Paul. I was wondering if you could do something for me?
Yes of course.

Would you be able to print out a file for me? It is a document on CBL - Convincing Bananas Limited, they are one of our suppliers. The file should be on the system and could I have it in the next team minutes please, as they are on their way here for a meeting.

Yes. Oh no, I have no idea how to find it!

Tom! Err ask Denise she should know. Ok thanks Tom, I'll ask her.
I had warned her you know, I said 'Victoria,, if you don't change your hairdresser, one day you'll...'

Denise. Hold on a moment. Anna.

Please send me the background file of CBL, thank you.

Who does that girl think she is, Anna, new girl, I've told you about her, yes with the saucepans, that is the one, she has only been here 5 minutes,and she is already acting like the Queen of Sheba.

Oh Denise, please send it to me within 5 minutes, Paul needs it soon, thank you.

Well honestly, good to see who is the boss Denise. Really!

> Er Anna, I think you've upset Denise, you are a bit rude when you asked her for help. 

Was I?

> Remember what I said Anna, just using please to ask someone to do something can sound a little rude. Instead of saying 'please send me the file' you could say 'could you possibly send me the file' or 'Would you mind sending me the file?'

Oh English is so confusing. I'll try to remember that. Oh no, the printer isn't even set up? Tom!

Yes? 

Please help me with... I mean, could you possibly help me with the printer?

Err, I really need to finish this email it is to a really important new client.

But it is really urgent, would you mind writing your email later?

Ok since you are so nicely, let's have a look.

> Well it is a good thing Anna has understood how to use could and would to ask for things before she upset anyone else, let's see those phrases a gin:

> I was wondering if you could do something for me?
> Would you be able to print out that file for me?
> Could I have it in ten minutes please?
> Could you possibly help me with the printer?
> Would you mind writing your email later?

The printer seems to be working well, but how well are Anna and Denise working together? Are these two going to be enemies?

Really! Denise do this Denise do that. I'm telling you Sharon, I've almost had enough! I get treated like a some kind of servant!

**saucepan** 炖锅，深平底锅
** hairdresser** 理发师，发型