# 06 Double-booked offering to help

Looking forward to hearing from you soon, kind regards, Anna.

And Margery said: I don't think I've ever seen that vegetable quite that size before...

Where is the **hole-punch**?

> Ah, business as usual in the offices of Tip Top Trading.

Oh for godness sake, what a **disaster**! I can't believe it.

> But one member of the team seemed bothered.
> Anna, this is the moment to show your willing to help.
> Use phrases like:

1. Is there anything I can do?
2. Let me help.

> Or to be more informal you can say: Can I give you a hand? Or give me a shout if you need help.

Are you ok, Tom?

No. Is there anything I can do? No. Oh, what is wrong?

Everything. I see, Can I give you a hand?

My computer has crashed, I have lost my phone, and there is a big, big problem with my timetable. I have got two meetings scheduled at the same time with two extremely important clients. I can't do them both at once.

Let me help. Thanks Anna, they need someone of experience.

Well give me a shout if you need anything. I can handle this.

> 'I can handle this', ungrateful idiot, but you used all the right phrases Anna, well done. Anyway, I bet he'll change his mind.

Anna, can you help me?

> I told you so.

They both arrived at once, oh god, I'll deal with Kumquart.

Okey, you told to Mr Lime, he is from company called Citrus Ventures, they own hundred of juice bars.

Are you sure that is a good idea Tom?

I don't have much choices, do I?

Well I could...

Just keep him occupied Anna, tell him how great he is, tell him how great I am. Find out what he wants, if it's about the... well, never mind, just be nice.

Understood.

Mr Lime, are you well?

Yes but I am actually rather angry too.

Well let me introduce you to Anna.

Mr Lime, it is a pleasure to meet you too, let me help with your coats.

Oh Thank you.

Can I give your a hand with your scarf too?

Oh thanks.

Now please come this way and you can tell me what is wrong. 

> Well done. Anna used some good phrases to step in and help with this mess, let's hear them again:

1. Is there anything I can do?
2. Let me help.
3. Can I give you a hand?
4. Give me a shout if you need anything.

Mr Lime is obviously upset about something, what is it? And how well Anna deal with the problem. Let's hope it doesn't end in disaster.

**hole-punch** 打孔机

disaster: 灾难