# 07 Saying you're sorry - Shows you how to apologise

1. I am really sorry to hear that.
2. That is totally unacceptable. 
3. It must have been very inconvenient for you.
4. You have me word that we will sort this out.
5. And we could include some of out latest-edition imitation oranges to make up for the inconvenience.
6. I promise you it won't happen again.

> Welcome back to Tip Top Trading, the UK's leading **wholesaler** of **limitation** fruit. Today, you are joining us in the middle of the action!
> Anna is with an important client Lime from Citrix's Ventures, he is angry, and she'll have to calm him down. She could cope brilliantly here or this could be a horrible mass.

Well Mr Lime, how can I help you?

On Monday, I was meant to receive 8,000 plastic grapefruit from Tip Top Trading.

Yes?

The delivery was made on Tuesday.

Oh dear.

And instead of 8,000 plastic grapefruit, I got 800,000 pineapples.

> Right Anna, this is serious, you are going to have to apologize and show that you really mean it. Say: I am really sorry to hear that.

What on earth am I going to do with my 800,000 plastic pineapples?

> Show Mr Lime that you understand the problem. These are phrases you can use: 
> 
> * That is totally unacceptable.
> 
> * That must have been very inconvenient for you. 
> 
> Then promise to fix the problem, say: 
> 
> * You have my word that we will sort this out
> 
> * we can do something to **make up for** the inconvenience. 
> 
> * It won't happen again.

800,000 plastic pineapples!

That is totally unacceptable.

I didn't even have anywhere to put them, and pineapple is so much bigger than grapefruit.

It must have been very inconvenient for you.

It certainly was! When he took my order you colleague Tom told me that the Tip Top Trading was the most reliable firm in the industry.

You have my word that we will sort this out. We will remove the pineapples and have your grapefruit sent via express delivery this afternoon. 

Good

And we could include some of our latest-edition imitation oranges to make up for the inconvenience.

Oh well that would be nice.

> Tip top Anna, Excellent work and excellent words.

They have made with revolutionary premium faux-orange, laser-curve-definition technology... you will be the first to have them.

Wa that is good customer service, Tell me, do you have any other artificial fruits in this range?

Yes, well it is a bit of secret, but you are trusted client so I think I can tell you.

Go on

We are about to **unveil** a new imperial Lemon,

Really?

I can't tell you any more now, But...

Maybe we can present it to you more formally in a couple of weeks, when it is ready for release?

Sounds perfect.

You will be the first to have it.

Excellent, thank you er... Anna isn't it?

Yes.

A very pretty name.

Thanks, it is spelled the same forwards and backwards.

Is it really?

Anyway Mr Lime, we will fix this grapefruit problem for you, and I promise you it won't happen again.

You are new here right Anna?

Well I look forward to working with you.

**Wholesaler** 批发商
**limitation** 限量的
**I was meant to** 我本应该
**grapefruit** 西柚，葡萄柚
**plastic fruit**: 
**pineapple** 菠萝，凤梨
**sort out** 整理，分类，调查清楚
**make up** 弥补
**imitation** 仿制品，模仿
**premium** 
**formally** 正式地，形式上
**come away** 离开，脱落