# 08 Saying 'Well done - How to give praise

Teeny: 极小的，微小的

tense: 拉紧的, 紧张的.
Imitation: 模仿，仿效，仿制品，赝品
convincing: a. 令人信服的，有说服力的
spray-paint: v. 在表面喷, 喷涂于
Miserable: 痛苦的，使人难受的，总是抱怨的，差劲的
Imperial: a. 帝国的
Remain: 保持，依然，留下 
disciplinary: 有关纪律的，惩戒性的
relief: n. 宽慰, 欣慰

Good afternoon. Hi... Anna, Tom, room 301 please, now.

> Welcome back to Tip Top Trading, where things are a btiny bit tense today. 
> 
> Paul has called Tom and Anna into the room 301, the place where difficult conversations happen. Perhaps Paul has found out about yesterday's unhappy clients. 
> 
> Oh dear.
> 
> You should be OK Anna. after the way you coped with Mr Lime, you should be praised. 
> 
> Really? What do you think Paul will say?
> 
> Well, if he is pleased, he will say things like:
> 
> * Well done.
> 
> * You handled it well.
> 
> * great job. 
> 
> * I am really impressed.
> 
> And if he is not. Well I suppose... Ops... here is Paul now.

Well, Tom, Anna, yesterday was not a great day. Two clients came in with serious complaints. Mr Kumquart received a delivery of imitation bananas that were purple, not very convincing. 

And Mr Lime ordered grapefruits but got pineapples, Tom. 

Yeah, listen. Were you responsable for these errors? 

Well, yes but...

Look, mistake happen, But it seems that Mr Kumquart left our offices even angrier than when she came in and she says she will never use Tip Top Trading again. 

I tried my best. 

I understand you told her to spray-paint bananas and to 'step being such a miserable old witch'.

Well look, she's been very rude to me.

If you weren't sucha good sales I would fire you for that.

Anna. Yes. Well done. Not only was Mr Lime satisfied that his business would be resolved, but we might even get some extra business from him, thanks to your imperial lemon proposal. I hope so. 

You were in a difficult situation and you handled it well. You remained calm, friendly, and professonal. So, great job, I am really impressed, I am going to... oh no, it is a call from USA. 

Oh God. What? It is the boss. Whose boss. ours! The big big boss, based in America. 

Right, where was I? Right, Tom, great work, Anna, I am disappointed. No, no, Anna, great work, I want you to take charge of the imperial Lemon presentation. Tom, if you speak to a client like that again, there will be disciplinary action. 

Mrs Kumquart was so angry she even emailed Mr Socrates. OK, that is it. 

> Phew, what a relief for Anna, Let's listen again to some of the phrases Paul used to praised her:
> 
> * Well done. 
> 
> * You were in a difficult situation and you handled it well.
> 
> * So, great job, I am really impressed.
> 
> He also explained why he thought Anna had done a good job:
> 
> * You remained calm, friendly, and professional.
> 
> Excellent work Anna, But Tom's mistakes have given everyone a lot of work to do tomorrow. 

First thing tomorrow we need to sort this mess out. Tom, I want you to phone every single clients and check the orders. Anna, you can go to the warehouse and find out what is going on in there! 