# 11 Working long hours

> Burning the candle at both ends
> You are doing overtime
> You are putting in the hours

> It is late at the office of Tip Top Trading, Anna is along working again.
> She has been doing this all week, she wants her presentation to Mr Lime  to be perfect so she is spending hours and hours on it.
> Anna?

Don't interrupt me, I am busy.

> Anna, you are really burning the candle at both ends. It means working very hard, working late and getting up early to work all the time.

I didn't know that expression.

> Here are some more:
> You are doing overtime, which means you are working longer than office hours.
> You are putting in the hours which means you are spending all the time needed to archive something.

Yes I am putting in the hours to make sure my presentation is prefect.

> and if you don't mind me saying so, you might burn out, which means you are working so hard, you might get very tired and run out of energy.

I am not burning out, I m full of energy. I just need to finish this bit.

My goodness, nothing is locked. Do you think we have been **burgled**?

Oh no, I left my lap-book and my me-pad on the desk, and my i-top, they are worth thousands, they are all the latest versions.

And I left my elephant-mug and my lady-curve nail file, they better not stolen them.

Anna, it is Anna, she is sleep.

Have you spent the night asleep at your desk Anna?

It is morning oh dear yes I think so.

Well at least we haven't been burgled then. 

Anna, you have really been burning the candle at both ends lately.

You have been doing hours and hours of overtime, most people get their work done within office hours and anyway, we don't pay overtime here. You'll never find me working late.

Yes I had noticed that actually Denise.

But this presentation must be perfect.

If you are not careful, you will burn out then you'll really be of no use to anyone, you'll be as useful as a chocolate teapot.

It is good that you are putting in your hours but you should calm down and look at me I do very successful presentation without spending hours to preparing. In my presentation to every apple, I just swooshed in with no presentation after a night on the town, I charmed them, they love me.

> Idiot, I bet he actually spend hours preparing he just can not admit it.

Well maybe you are right, I can't think clearly anymore. I'm so tired, I need to sleep properly, otherwise, I'll end up trying to sell bananas instead of lemons.

**swoosh**:  嗖的一下
**charm**:  (n) 魅力，魔力，护身符.(a)吸引，迷住，诱使.

burgled: 被盗的