# 12 Opening a presentation - English at work helps you start the right way.

> Hello, welcome to the offices of Citrus Ventures. It's a big day for Anna. She is present Tip Top Trading's new Imperial lemon to Mr Lime and his colleagues, this must not go wrong.
> How are you feeling today Anna?

Scared, I want to do really well, if I was mess up and Citrus Ventures does't place an order, I'll be so upset.

> You are well prepared, that is the main thing. Explain clearly how your presentation will be organised.

Oh dear, I didn't think of the very beginning, can you give me an example of what I should say.

> After you introduced yourself, you could say, today, I'm going to... and explain, then say, I'll start by... and then I want to move on to discuss... and finally...

Thanks, I'll try. Everything will be fine, I feel relax now.

Anna. Mr Lime. How lovely to see you, you look absolutely... Well I have been look forward this for days, everyone is waiting in the meeting room, come this way!

Oh gosh, now everyone in Citrus Ventures is very excited about this new Imperial lemon, so I allowed few extras to come and watch, I hope you don't mind. All your equipment has been setup, so you can begin!

Hello, I am Anna of Top Tip Trading, I mean Tip Top Trading,sorry. I am very unhappy to be here.

> Anna focus!

I mean I'm very happy to be here.

> Anna, breathe deeply then say: today I am going to...

Today, I am going to present our revolutionary new Imperial lemon. I'll start by telling you a bit about Tip Top Trading and some of the exciting new developments at our company. And then I'm going to move on to explain how the Imperial lemon is design, and what makes it revolutionary. And finally, you will all have a chance to see it closer for yourselves and ask questions. So let's begin.

> As usual, Anna seems to be turning a difficult situation into a success, she used the phrases we discussed which made her opening clear and well-structured. She said:

1. Today, I am going to...
2. I'll start by...
3. And then, I am going to move on to discuss...
4. And finally...

> But that's just the beginning, now she's got to get through the rest of the pitch- how will that go?

This picture shows...on no, why isn't it working? I should just click on this... oh what's wrong with this stupid computer.