# 13 Making a pitch - English  at Work gets your pitch perfect

 > Hello, welcome back to the offices of Citrus Ventures, Anna's presentation to Mr Lime and his colleagues continues. Well, almost! Her computer has jammed and presentation along with her notes are frozen.

Oh no this is terrible.

> Anna, you are going to have to manage without the slideshow or nots, just talk.

Just talk, just talk, you just talk. What on earth am I going to say, my mind is blank.

> Try to remember the key points what you wanted to share, and give them one by one if you can give some facts that support each points. For example, Tip Top Trading is growing fast, out number of clients doubled last year. Use phrases like this:

1. The company has a strong track record of...
2. Let me share with you...
3. The Imperial lemon's key strength are...

Sorry about that, I'll just have to continue talking without the slideshow. So Tip Top Trading is growing fast, our number of clients doubled last year. This is because our company...

> Yes but try not to bark out information like a robot. Look people in the eye, slow down, and try to be more conversational, and smile.

Tip Top Trading is growing fast, our number of clients doubled last year, this is because our company has a strong trace record of reliability and because, thanks to new technology, our fruits are more and more convincing. Our bananas have won awards for being the most authentic-looking fruits in Europe. We are very happy that Citrus Ventures is already among our clients and we hope to build on that by offering you more exciting fruits. Let me share with you, our latest product, the Imperial lemon. The Imperial lemon's key strengths are its design and flexibility. It is made with revolutionary faux-orange-premium, laser-curved-definition technology.

> What an excellent perfermence from Anna, she focused on some key points, supported them with facts and structured her answer clearly, she also manage to relax and sound more natural, she used these phrases:

1. The company has a strong track record of...
2. Let me share with you...
3. The Imperial lemon's key strengths are...

> Let's fast-forward to after the meeting, to see if she gets an order.

So, thank you for your time, I hope you are impressed with our Imperial lemon.

Fantastic, thank you.

These lemons, I'd like to put in an order for 300,000 right away.

Of course.

Now what is your direct phone number.

> Good work, although I must say, Mr Lime just as excited about Anna as he is about the lemons, what out Anna. Until next time.

**bark out**: 大声喊出
**convincing**: 令人信服的
**strength**: 体力，力量，实力，影响力
**conversational**: 非正式的，口语的，谈话的，会话的
**authentic-looking**: 真实感的外观
**flexibility**: 灵活性，弹性，柔性
**pitch**:  