# 19 The open window- Explaining a misunderstanding.

Hello it is chilly start to the day at Tip Top Trading.

It is so cold here.

The window was left open overnight.

My papers have been blown everywhere. 

Mine too. Tom was the last one here last night it must be have been him who left the window open.

Right, to work.

There is a note from Paul, It must have fallen off my desk, I would like your ideas on our stock management system for our new laser-curved fruit range. So we know we can keep up with the demand. Please write me a couple of pages of suggestions and leave it on my desk I'll be back this afternoon. Wow, I have to come up with ideas foe a stock management system. Where do I begin...

My certificate for plastic pear salesman of the year is on the floor.

> Well Anna has finished her report and left it on Paul's desk. But things are not that simple.Anna, there is going to be a problem. Let me teach you some phrases you might need to explain that there has been a mistake.
> 1. I think there has been a misunderstanding.
> 2. There has been a bit of mix-up.
> You could also use:
> 1. Let me explain what happened.

Tom, this is an excellent piece of work. These are by far the best ideas you have ever had.

I think there has been a misunderstanding, I did it. 

Did you take that note from my desk?

I suppose you threw my pear salesman certificate on the floor at the same time too!

I didn't, let me explain.The wind must have blown the note for Tom under my desk.

Tom left the window open overnight, our papers were blown all over the place.

I see, well in that case, well done. Excellent work, even though you were not meant to do it.And Tom, your ideas are still welcome of course.

I am not bothered, I've still got some great ideas in my mind anyway.

* I think there has been a misunderstanding.
* There has been a bit of mix-up.
* Let me explain what happened.

> well, the mix-up gave Anna a chance to shine. Paul certainly seemed impressed with her work.Maybe it will bring her new opportunities.


Chilly: 寒冷的，阴冷的，有寒意的，不友好的。

Come up with: 提出，想出，赶上

Stock-up: 备货，买进储存起来，囤货

mix-up:  混乱，杂乱


