## 20. setting an agenda for a meeting

* An office meeting has been scheduled, but Paul is running late.

* He's asked Anna to take charge and start the meeting without him.

* Here you go Anna, it is a print-out of agenda for the meeting.

* I'm not sure if I know the right words to start meetings.

* Well you can say something like:
  
  * Thank you for coming. There are five items on the agenda today.
  
  * Firstly, secondly, after that, and then finally.
  
  * At the end, there is often something called 'any other business'.

* 'Any other business?' 

* That's anything else that wasn't listed on the agenda, but that people want to talk about.

* I expect Tom will want to talk about how greate he is and Denise will want to talk about her new hairdresser or something.

* Then when it is time for the meeting to end, you can say: *Let's wrap up.* It means let's finish.

* To wrap up. Ok, I'll do my best, it is time, everyone is gathering.

Thank you for coming, Paul will be here soon, but he asked me to start the meeting.

There are four items on the agenda today.

1. Firstly, the stock management systems,

2. Secondly, plans for a team-building activity.

3. After that, the colour of our new apples and finally any other business, before we can wrap up.

Remind me, what the first item on the agenda is.

Well, that is mainly to announce that we need to start developing a good stock management system, so we can meet the huge demand I'm expecting for these laser-curved fruits. Anna I'd like you to lead on that.

Me? you want me to be in charge of the stock management systems?

Anna's has had some excellent ideas already and I think she'll do a great job.

Well that was good news for Anna, but not surprising after all her hard work. She opened the meeting well too. Here's a reminder of the phrases she used:

* Thank you for coming.

* There are four items on the agenda today.

* Firstly, secondly, after that, then, and finally...

* Any other business?

* And then we can wrap up.
