## 22. The smoker Language for making a polite request

> Hello, welcome back to the Tip Top Trading where Anna is going downstairs to speak to warehouse manager, Mr Ingle. You are looking a bit nervous.

I am. Denise says if I speak to him in the wrong way, he might bite my head off.

> Relax Anna, it is just an expression to mean he might be a bit aggressive. You will be fine, just use the right polite phrases. Oh and smile!

OK I will, look here I am.

Mr Ingle, are you there? I'd be most grateful if you could give me some... oh what's that smell, and smoke... Mr Ingle! You are smoking!

Well it is my lunch break, so I am allowed to smoke a cigarette, aren't I?

Really? Are you sure?

>  No he is not, Anna, smoking inside a public building is illegal. It is against the law. It is dangerous too. You've got to do something about this.

Oh right, Mr Ingle, you mustn't smoke. It is wrong.

Says who?

> Anna, you'll have to do better than that. Be polite and be firm too. Try saying:
> 
> * Would you mind not doing that please?

Mr Ingle, would you mind not doing that please? Why is that then?

> He is not being very nice is he? You need to give your reasons. Say: I am afraid it is against company's policy. Go on, you can do it.

Mr Ingle, I am afraid it is against company's policy. And it is actually against the law to smoke here, and it is not a nice smell is it?

Well, smells ok to me.

Well, I am sorry to have to ask you this, but you need to put it out.

Put what out? The cat?

No, you need to extinguish your cigarette please.

Says who?

Well, I am sure your team wouldn't like to see you breaking the law and besides, it could cause a fire, that would be awful.

Yes, I suppose it would.

I can get you some nicotine gum if you like?

No it is ok, I'll stub it out as you asked so nicely.

Thank you Mr Ingle, we'll keep it a secret this time, but please don't do it again. I am afraid it is just not permitted on company premises.

Whatever. Mr Ingle, I still really like your overalls. Bye!

> Nice on Anna, you dealt with Mr Ingle really well. You kept your cool and explained the reasons why he shouldn't smoke. Let's hope he doesn't do it again Anna.

I hope not, I hate the smell of cigarette smoke. But I never got to ask him about stock management.

> Well maybe it is better to leave it for another time?

* Would you mind not doing that please?

* I am afaid it is against company policy.

* I am afaid it is not permitted.

* Sorry to have to ask you this but...

Ah Anna, there you are. Have you been smoking? You smell of cigarette smoke. Look I know you are under pressure but smoking in the building is not permitted. We take this very seriously, you had better step in to my office and we will talk about this.

> Oh dear, Anna is in trouble for no reason. Let's hope she explains the mix-up. That means telling Paul about Mr Ingle smoking. This is going to be difficult.

*Put it out: 熄灭, 放出来*

*extinguish: 熄灭, 终绝*

*awful: 可怕的*

*premise: 场所, 前提*

overall: 总的,整体的,包括一切的. 工装裤,工作服*
