## 23. Health and Safety policy

> Welcome back, things are quite <u>tense </u>at Tip Top Trading today. Paul, the boss, **mistakenly** thinks Anna's been smoking on company premises and she is trying to explain herself.

Frankly I am disappointed with you Anna, you are a harder worker but it doesn't mean you can go against company's policy.

> Anna, remember the first phrases we've learnt about a misunderstanding.

Paul, I think there has been a misunderstanding

A misunderstanding? How can you explain the smell of cigarette smoke? This is a 'no smoking' building.

Let me explain. I went down to the warehouse to speak to Mr Ingle. and well, someone else was smoking.

What? Someone else was smoking in the warehouse? Golly Gosh, that is highly dangerous. Who was it Anna?

Well I cannot really say. But I dealt with it and it won't happen again.

> Yes you dealt with it very well Anna, but can you keep your secret about Mr Ingle safe?

Sorry Anna and sorry about the misunderstanding. Would you like a biscuit? Now I really think it is time we had a review of our health and safety procedures. Denise, could you gather everyone round in the meeting room please?

I'll have to call you back Marge.

Could you all gather in the meeting room please? Paul has something important to say.

What is it Denise? Is it about my fantastic sales figures again, huh?

I doubt it Tom. It sounded urgent. I'd better bring some tea.

Thank you for joining me. Unfortunately, there  has been an incident in the warehouse.Someone has been smoking, I am not happy. So I thought I would remind you of our health and safety procedures.

Not this again!

Your safety is our responsibility, but keep safe we must follow same simple rules, Denise what is the first one?

If you see a fire, raise the alarm. oh and call the fire service.

Yeah you love seeing those firemen, don't you, Denise.

Shhh Tom, maybe you could tell us the other rule?

Err yeah right, if you hear the fire alarm, get out quick.

Not exactly Tom, no. I think we should walk calmly to the nearest fire exit, following the green signs, go outside and meet the fire assembly point.

Yes, and I will take a register of who is here, using my red pen.

Do you mind not **slurping** Denise?

<u>This is thirsty work</u>.

Now is everyone clear about what to do if there is a fire alarm?

Well it's usually a false alarm anyway.

<u>That is not the point!</u> Now Anna, what about smoking?

No smoking on compay premises. But it wasn't me, it was Mr Ingle.

I see, so it was Mr Ingle smoking in the warehouse. You should have told me Anna.

Right, I am going to have to look into this. Back to work everyone, oh and take a biscuit with you.

>  So Anna has let the cat out of the bag. Mr ingle won't be pleased - but at least she now knows what to do if a fire break out. Here are some phrases we've heard today, that can be used in an emergency:
> 
> * If you see a fire, raise the alarm.
> 
> * walk calmly to the nearest fire exit.
> 
> * Meet at the fire assembly point.
> 
> * No smoking on the comapany premises.

Sorry to interrupt Paul, but the fire alarm is going off. Don't panic anyone, everything will be ok. Jane I'll have to call you back... yes a bit of panic, bye. Quick where is my red pen.

> Those emergency phrases might come in useful sooner than you think. Is this going to be the end of Tip Top Trading? <u>Will it really go up in smoke?</u> find out next time. Bye.

tense: 紧张的

mistakenly: adv. 错误地；被误解地；曲解地

slurp: 啜饮,啧啧声
