## 24. Words to use in an emergency

I am here and there is no need to panic. That was just a fire **drill**, a practice.

> Tip Top Trading is safe, for now, it was just a fire drill. What a busy day this is turning out to be. Hey Anna, remember next time it could be for real. So are you happy about what to say if you have to take charge. Just keep calm and say things like:
> 
> * There is no need to panic.
> 
> * Please leave the building and meet outside.
> 
> * Use the stairs and not the lift.

> And when you are outside, you could say:
> 
> * Is anybody missing?

Ok thanks, but I hope I'll never need to use them.

Well done everyone, hopefully you all know what to do in the **unlikely** event for a real fire. Now to celebrate, I am off to buy some really nice biscuits for all of us - you know, those special double-choc ones with the little orange bits, back to work everyone.

Honestly, I was in the middle of an important call. 

Yeah, and **you never got see those firemen in action**, did you Denise? 

Look at the time, I really need to get on with all of my work. 

Yeah I've got to check on the latest football... I mean share prices. Hold on, can anyone smell smoke?

I don't believe it, the fire alarm has gone off again. I'll call you back Marge. Where is Paul when you need him. Anna, you are going to have to take charge.

Me? What about Tom?

It looks Tom has gone already.

> Remember Anna, use those phrases to keep everyone calm and informed about what to do.

Err, there is no need to panic, please leave the building and meet outside.

Hold on I just need to **grab** my elephant dung notepad and red pen. Come then Anna, and into the lift. 

No Denise, we must use the stairs not the lift.

Oh with my knees? 

Jump up Denise, I'll carry you.

Could I have your attention please?

> Louder Anna, it is urgent.

Could I have your attention please? I need your full attention, please stay calm, I am sure there is not a fire, just a bit of smoke. Is anybody missing? 

Well there is no smoke without a fire. Hey Tom! Tom? Has anyone seen Tom?

That is Tom coming out of the building and he is carrying someone on his shoulder. 

It is Mr Ingle from the warehouse.

It is ok everyone, I've put the fire out, it was in the warehouse. Mr Ingle had been smoking. 

> Sorry Indeed, Mr Ingle is in serious trouble now, but well done Anna for dealing with that emergancy and getting everyone out of the building. Here are some phrases she used:
> 
> * There is no need to panic.
> 
> * Please leave the building and meet outside.
> 
> * Use the stairs not the lift.
> 
> * Is anybody missing?
> 
> Seems like Tom is a bit of a hero. He has his uses. But hold on, who is this?

Say Honey, looks like I've come at a good time. Have you seen a guy called Paul around here? 

He is not here, He has gone to buy some of biscuits. Can I help?

Yes sugar, I am Mr Socrates, Paul's boss and I've come to sort this businees out.  

> Oh no, the head of the comapny's in town. This means trouble, see you next time.

drill: 钻头, 演习,训练.

unlikely: 不大可能, 不大, 不会, 够呛
