## 25. The big cheese Language for booking a hotel

> Hello Again. Things haven't been going well at Tip Top Trading. There was a fire in the warehouse, caused by Mr Ingle cigarette and now Mr Socrates - the big boss from America - has turned up unexpectedly.

So Honey Are you? Anna, I am Anna, I work here as a sales executive. We have not met before.

We sure ain't. Looks like I have arrived just **in a nick of time**. What's going on? Oh Mr Socerates, what a unexpected.

Unexpected alright. Looks like this company is in a mess. 

Yes It was ok when I poped out for some biscuits... Would you like one?

Biscuits? They are cookies man. Look now what do I have to do to get a triple-shot. organic, skinny cappuccino round here?

I'll get you one Mr Socrates.

It is ok honey, I need you to book me a hotel room. You... what is your name again...Paul... can you fetch me one?

> Right Anna, booking a room for Mr Socrates. This is some thing you cannot get wrong.
> 
> Well I have not done it before. 
> 
> I am sure you will be ok. When you book a room, here is what you could say:
> 
> * Hello I'd like to check availability and prices for a room please.
> 
> * Does the price include breakfast?
> 
> * Are there any business facilities such as internet and Wifi? 
> 
> * I'd like to go ahead and make the reservation please.
> 
> Ok I'll give it a try. But what shall I look?
> 
> Try searching on the internet. Look for a five star hotel. He is a five star guest after all. Gook luck.
> 
> Thanks, I'd better get back to the office and get started.

Well done for saving Mr Ingle in that fire. You are very brave. 

It was nothing really. So what are you doing?

I have got to book a hotel for Mr Socrates.

No, you know, we must be in trouble. He never visits. 

Really so where shall I book him in to?

Well my friend runs a fantastic hotel, it is five star. It's called the Royal Imperial. Look, I've got his number. Give him a call, mention my name, you are **bound to** get a special rate.

Thanks Tom. No problem, oh but don't forget, I have heard Mr S only likes room with a single bed in it. He gets **spooked out** if there is another empty bed.

Oh ok, I might as well give it a try. 

Hello I'd like to check availability and rates for a room.

When for?

For three nights from tonight, you best room please. 

All the rooms are the best! But yes we have one. It is 100 pounds a night.

Right I work with Tom Darcy, his friend runs the hotel, I wondered if you could offer me a special rate? 

Tom Darcy? no I have never heard of him, sorry it is still 100 pounds.

Does the price include breakfast?

Yes, we offer a full continental breakfast of toast, or bread, oh and tea or coffee and cereal. 

Oh do you have any business facilities?

Well we have got paper and pens.

I was thinking internet, wifi... shoe-shine?

Yes we've got that.

Good and most  importantly, is this a single room?

We've only got twin rooms. 

Twins? You've only got toom for twins?

No we could take a bed out and leave just one in it if you want.

Oh that would be perfect. In that case I'd like to go ahead and make a reservation please. 

Good how would you like to pay?

> Well done Anna for booking a hotel, but I have a feeling that Tom's recommendation may not be as luxurious as he says. Let's hear the phrases Anna used when booking a hotel:
> 
> * Hello I'd like to check the availability and prices for a room please.
> 
> * Does the price include breakfast?
> 
> * Are there any business facilities such as internet and wifi?
> 
> * I'd like to go ahead and make the reservation please.
> 
> So the room is booked. I wonder what Mr Socrates will think of it. He is a particularly fussy man as we'll find out next time! bye.

in a nick of time: 在紧要关头.

spook out: 吓坏了

fussy:  adj. 爱挑剔的；难取悦的；过分装饰的；对细节过分注重（或特别担忧）的；过分讲究的
