## 26. Complaining

> Welcome back to Tip Top Trading where everyone seems a bit **flustered**.

... and we really need the best biscuits there are.

Yes and I've made sure there's tea and coffee...

And the **carpets** ? ah?

Have they been cleaned?

Don't panic Paul, all taken care of.

> You see ,the big boss from America, Mr Socrates, is in town, everything must be just in right. What's he like Anna?

Well so far, he seems ok. A bit **bossy**, quite short and a bit smelly.

> Well he did just fly in from States. But you booked him into a good hotel, so hopefully he's had a chance to clean up.

I hope so. Oh I had better get that.

Hello Mr Socrates, did you sleep well? Oh I see, Tom said it was five start. Oh he is hung up. 

Everything ok Anna, you look a bit **pale**.

It was Mr Socrates, he is not happy.

What's the matter?

It is his hotel room, he doesn't like it. The bed is too soft, too small and it is a single room not a twin room.

Oh yes he likes two beds in his room for some reason.

But Tom said he only likes a single bed in the room .

Really? Oh, no, he insists on a twin, something to do with business parters he says. Anything else?

Yes he says, he wanted freshly squeezed orange juice for breakfast. not the staff out of the carton.

Anything else? **A view of Mount Everest perhaps?**

Yes we really must sort this out. We cann't afford to upset Mr Socrates.

Now Anna, you chose this hotel, I really think you need to sort out this mess.

It was Tom's suggestion!

Just sort it, quickly.

> Oh Anna, time to do some complaining. What are you going to say? 
> 
> I don't know, I am not very good at complaining.
> 
> Keep you cool and politely tell the hotel why you are not happy.
> 
> You could say:
> 
> * I am very disappointed with your service.
> 
> * The standard of the service is not good enough.
> 
> * The room I booked did not meet my expectations.
> 
> Good luck Anna.

I want to complain. 

Really, about what exactly?

You hotel, I mean, a room I booked for my boss, room 101, I am very disappointed about your service.

And why is that then?

Well, the room is not like the one I booked, it is just not good enough. 

Let's have a look about booking. Well, yourr boss get a bed, and breakfast too, a continental breakfast in fact.

But the room just didn't meet his expectations.

Give me the phone Anna I'll deal with this. 

This is the office assis- I mean the manager here. 

This is not good enough, My colleagues has made it quite clear that the room didn't meet our requirements, and I would like you to resolve this matter as quickly as possible, or I will have to cancel our reservation. 

Sadly we have no other twin rooms avaliable and anyway...

Alright, I'd like to speak to your manage please, really!

> Good old Denise, I can tell she has done this before but will talking to the manager really sort things out? Let's remind ourselves of some of the phrases you can use when you need to complain:
> 
> * I am very disappointed with your service.
> 
> * The standard of the service is not good enough.
> 
> * The room I booked did not meet my expectations.
> 
> And to get things sorted you could say:
> 
> * I would like this matter resolved as quickly as possible.
> 
> * I would like to cancel my reservation and get a full refund.
> 
> Let's see if Denise has sorted things out?

So have you managed to sort out Mr Socrates?

Oh yes, Anna has got him a new room. 

Thanks Anna, I'll let him know. 

And what about your orange juice?

Freshly squeezed every morning, that reminds me we need some here in the office. He is going to be here any minute and he says he's got some important news for us.



flustered: 惊慌失措的

carpet: 地毯

all taken care of: 都搞定了

bossy:颐指气使的, 跋扈

pale: 苍白的

carton: 纸盒包装

A view of Mount Everest perhaps: 也许可以看到珠穆朗玛峰的景色

Good old: 亲爱的,可爱的,好心的.
