## 27. Language for delivery bad news

> Hello again, it is the big day and Mr Scorates is about to arrived to the offices of Tip top Trading, to talk officially to the team. What is he going to say? and more importantly, will he get his freshly squeezed orange juice?

Quickly everybody, he is coming out the lift with Paul.

Anna quickly, get a glass of orange juice ready.

And if we come through this door here, we get to the office. Morning everyone, I am sure we've all met Mr Socrates on the day of the... fire...

Today everything is a bit calmer and well he is here to say hello.

Biscuit? You mean the goddamn cookie. Thanks.

Mr Scorates, I am Anna, would you like some orange juice? freshly squeezed.

You betcha as long as it's made from Florida oranges, Hey... Anna, Ain't you the girl that booked my hotel room? 

Yes, sorry about the bed. 

You got me a new room, it was great, you did a good job there, well done. 

Hello it is Tom, I recommended the hotel. 

Tom, everyone, shall we gather round and hear what Mr Socrates has to say? Please.

Hey what is you name?

Don't you think I should sitting in the big chair? 

Sorry, yes of course, there you go.

Now Tip Top Trading, I gotta give it to you straight. things ain't looking good, in fact the outlook is gloomy. 

The global **recession** has led to **meltdown** in the plastic fruits of sector. And I've got to announce a profit warning. We just ain't selling enough of these bananas, oranges, and lemons that make any money. 

There is a bit of economic squeezed on lemons.

Oh dear, I am not sure what he is talking about, but it sounds bad. 

> It is, Anna, he is deliverying some bad news without hiding the truth. That's why he said:
> 
> * I've got to give it to you straight.
> 
> * he said 'the outlook is gloomy' which means the future doesn't look good. 
> 
> * And he mentioned a 'Profit warning', which means company profits are probably going to go down.

**Crikey**! That is bad. What does it mean?

> Just keep listening for now.

So this calls for action. I am gonna have to...

Oh no, not me Mr Socrates, I've been a loyal employee! I couldn't face being unemployed. 

Tom calm down. 

I am not talkintg about redundancies yet.

Gosh, well that calls for another biscuit.

My plan is we are going into Europe.

You mean we are moving to Europe?

No Anna, I think he means we are going to sell plastic fruits to the Europe market.

I have lots of experience with Europe, I had a holiday in Spain once.. twice actually. 

Well we'll have to make sure our phones can make international calls.

I think you are going to need some help with this, so I'm bring in my best marketing executive Rachel. What she does know about selling to Europe, you don't wanna know. She will be here is few weeks' time. 

Do you know she prefers tea or coffee, or orange juice perhaps.

She'll want the best, the best tea, coffee, the best team, I'll expect improved results and profits. If not **your necks will be on the line** especially yours Paul.

Oh, chop chop, we'd better to get to work.

> Scary! '**Your necks will be on the line**' he means their jobs will be at risk if things don't improve. It's a worrying time for Tip Top Trading. Let's remind ourselves of the phrases Mr Socrates used to deliver bad news:
> 
> * I've got to give it to you straight.
> 
> * The outlook is gloomy.
> 
> * I've got to announce a profit warning.
> 
> Let's hope this new marketing strategy for Europe is going to work. How are you feeling Anna? 

A little nervous, but I am going to try my best to make sure this new strategy works. 

> That is the spirit Anna! 

Right everyone, I think we need to take Mr Socrates down to the Rose and Crown after work for a pint or two and show him some true English **hospitality**.

hospitality: 接待, 招待.

recession: 衰退期, 经济衰退

meltdown: 熔毁

Crikey: 狡猾

this calls for action: 这就需要采取行动

Scary: 可怕的

The outlook is gloomy: 前景黯淡

ain't: am not, are not, is not, have not, has not
