## 29. The language used in cold calling

### Putting the feelers out, the language used in cold calling

> Bye Bye Mr Socrates, he is flying back to America, leaving Tip Top Trading's Lundon team trying to work out how best focus that business on the European market.

Sorry to keep you waiting, I had to go to the airport with Socrates to see him off. We had a good chat in the taxi and he said some very positive things.

Oh yes? Like what?

How nice English beer is. 

Ye but what about the European market strategy? What are we going to do about that?

Well Anna is supposed to lead on that, I am taking a more **biscuitorial** control over it.

A what?

It means you do all the work while he eats all the biscuits!

Do you mind Tom. Now what I am thinking is we put the feelers out, do some cold calling, see what people are buying at the moment.

Cold calling? but I'd like to be warm when I am on the phone.

No Anna, cold calling is when you call **prospective** clients when they are not expecting you to, to ask them something or to sell them something.

I am very good at calling people.

Yeah, usually the hair dresser! Where do we begin who do we call first.

**Track down** some potential clients in Europe, see what they are buying now, see what they want in the future. Make them think it's our laser-curved fruit that they want.

But keep your calls brief, international calls are very expensive.

> Ok Anna, it is time to cold call. What are you going to say? Find someone to call,  then be **pleasant** and polite. When you call, ask to speak to the person who deals with buying or purchasing. Then ask that person, if they could **spare** a few minutes of their time.

Ok here goes. Let's have to look.

> Don't be surprised! You've call the company in France! They speak French. Just ask if it is ok to speak English.

Hello, is it possible to speak to you in English? Are you the person who purchases plastic fruits for your company?

I am, how can I help you?

Yes, can you spare a few minutes of your time, I want to sell you some laser-curved fruits. 

> That is a bit direct Anna, slow down and tell them your name, why you are calling, find out something about them. Maybe say: "I'd like to tell you about our great new laser-curved fruit", ask them "How much plastic fruit do you buy?" and at the end of the call say: "Thank you for your time, we hope to hear from you soon." Give it a go Anna.

Ok hello my name is Anna, how are you today?

Good thank you.

That is good, I'd like to tell you about our great new laser-curved fruit.

Yes?

Our company is called Tip Top Trading, and we are the UK's number one plastic fruit **manufacturer**, and well, we are so proud of our fruit that we've decided to let the rest of Europe enjoy too. We make our fruit using laser-curved technology, in fact, we've just launched our best product ever - the imperial Lemon. It look so real you want to squeeze it. 

> Anna has got the hang of this, she's on fire. I mean she is doing really well, her cold calling technique has really warmed up. She's **pitched** the products now she needs to sell.

So thank you for your time, I hope you may consider us when you next perchases some plastic fruit. 

We will certainly consider your company. 

Well we hope to hear from you soon. Tom, how are you **getting on**?

Well if that is what you think you can **shove** your **kumquats**... hello?

What's wrong? 

They've hung up me. Really! He said fruit industry is in meltdown. Anna, if I don't get any contracts soon, I'll be fired.

Well, this calls for teamwork, tomorrow, Tuesday, we're going to **tackle** this task together!

> Hooray for Anna, Now she's sounding like a leader, ans she's mastered cold calling by using some simple phrases like these:
> 
> * My name is Anna, cao you spare a few minutes of your time? 
> 
> * I'd like to tell you about our great new laser-curved fruit.
> 
> * How much plastic fruit do you buy?
> 
> * Thank you for your time. 
> 
> * We hope to hear from you soon. 

Anna, there is a call for you, from someone in France, they want to talk to you about lemons

> Sounds **promising**, Find out what happens next time on English at work.

prospective: 预期的；盼望中的；未来的；未来可能发生的

Track down: 追踪；跟踪；追查

pleasant: 使人快乐的；让人开心的；令人愉快的；让人满意的；讨人喜欢的；友好的；体贴的

spare: 把…让给；借给；使不受伤害；抽出时间；解除；节俭；使免遭；保证（或满足）自己的需要

manufacturer: 制造商

get on: 取得进展

shove: 推；猛推；乱塞；洗手不干；连推带挤地走；生气地打发

Kumquat: 金橘；金橘树

tackle: 决心处理

promising: 有指望的；有希望的；有出息的；有前途的
