## 31. Sign on the dotted line - Language for project management

Help us, we are locked in.

> Oh dear, do you remember that Tom and Anna are locked in the stationary cupboard, what are they going to do? and what will people say when they are discovered in there. I have a feeling we are about to find out.

Godness, what's that? Anna is that you? And is that you Tom?

Yes help, we are locked in.

Don't panic, I've got the key.

How on earth...

It is not how it looks Denise...

We were just... just looking for envelopes.

Really? Yes really. The door **slammed shut** and locked from inside when Tom walked in. 

Yeah she is right, just walked in and shut the door and bang...

Hmm. Let's just keep it our little secret shall we?

I thought you had better taste Anna!

Ah there you are Anna, I need a word with you... Oh, you look like you've been caught doing sth you shouldn't.  

But I haven't. Just joking. Now could you step in to my office, we need to touch base about the European marketing strategy. 

Are we playing baseball? 

> No Anna, touch base, he wants to **catch up** with you probably to see how you are getting on. Go on Anna, let's see what he has to say.

Oh I see, that door doesn't lock does it?

I don't think so, right Anna, biscuit. These new peanut ones are quite nice. So, how are things with the project? 

Well, I have done some cold calling, and have an order from a company in France. 

I see, very impressive. but have they signed on the dotted line yet?  

The dotted line? Have they actually signed the contract yet?

Well no, but...

That is the problem, there is a **rival** company who is also targeting European marketing called Tutti Fruity - and they'll do anything to steal our customers. 

Oh I see. So to keep our head above water, we need clear strategy, and that's why I put you in charge, so what shall we do?

> I have a feeling Paul hasn't a clue - that's why he wants you to come up with the ideas. 
> 
> I think you are right, but I don't know what to say.
> 
> Tell him we need to **price the rivals out of the market**, that means offer the lowest prices so nobody wants to buy plastic fruits from our rivals. You could say that we need to **corner the market**, that means Tip Top Trading **dominates** the plastic fruit market, oh thanks, that is very useful.

So Anna, any thoughts.

Lots Paul, I think we've got compete on price. 

Oh yes. We need to price Tutti Fruity out of the market. We need to corner the market, so that everyone knows we are the best choice for good quaility, good value plastic fruits. 

I like it.

And...

> Tell him, we need to build good relationships with our customers, that means we give them good service. 

We need to build good relationships with our customers, talk to them regularly, send them gifts, go and meet them face to face. 

Face to face, yes, great idea, just what I was thinking. If we follow this strategy I **reckon** there could be a bonus for us all by Christmas. 

> Well done Anna, very convincing. If you can put your ideas into practice, you'll save the company. Let's remind ourselves of the words you used to create the European marketing strategy. 
> 
> * We've got the compete on price. 
> 
> * We need to price the rivals out of the market. 
> 
> * We need to corner the market. 
> 
> * We need to build good relationships with our customers. 
> 
> Well, things seem to be going well for Anna... or are they?

Anna, that man from France has called again and left a message, he is not happy this time. Something about us trying to **rip them off**!

What? Rip them off? 

It means over charging them, or giving them poor quaility goods. 

That is not fair. I am going to have to sort this out. 

> That is it, Anna, go and build a good relationship with your customer, bye for now. 

slammed shut: 砰的关门

catch up: 赶上

rival: 竞争对手

price the rivals out of the market: 

corner the market: 

dominate: 占据主导地位

reckon: 估计

rip off: 敲竹杠；漫天要价
