## 32. The deal is off! Further language for  negotiating a deal

> Welcome back to Tip Top Trading, with things are going to well, Anna negotiated with a client in France, but now they claimed they have been ripped off! This has got to get sorted, quickly.

Oh Denise, what exactly did they say? 

Something about the agreeing a price for 5 thousands lemons and then being offered a better price by another company.

That'll be Tutti Fruity, they want our business.

Sounds like they are going to get it, unless you sort it out. Maybe you should work out some new figures.

Figures? Is there something wrong with my figure? Am I to fat?

No Anna, your numbers. Work out a new price, see if you can squeeze the price of lemons, maybe you can price Tutti Fruity out of the market. 

Hmm, somebody else has said that. 

Yes it was me Anna, do your calculations, see if you can offer a better deal and price Tutti Fruity out of the market. 

OK, I could sell them cheaper, but there would be less profit. 

> Well a less profit is better than no profit, and who knows, if this goes well, it might lead to more contracts. But it is down to you know to make that call. 
> 
> But what am I going to say?
> 
> be friendly and say:
> 
> * I am sorry to hear you are not happy with our price.
> 
> Tell them:
> 
> * Tip Top Trading **prides** itself on quality products and good value for money.
> 
> And **flatter** them and say they are a valued customer and the business is very important to us. 
> 
> And what shall I say about the price? 
> 
> Tell them 
> 
> * you can match the price of our competitors
> 
> Match the price, right thanks. Ok, I had better call them.

This is Anna from Tip Top Trading. I was sorry to receive your message.

Yes I thought we were doing good business and then another company called me and offered me a much better deal. 

Yes I understand, I am sorry to hear you are not happy about our price, but hopefully we can sort something out. You are a valued customer, and your business is very important to us, and we would love to see our imperial lemons on display in the restaurants and shops of France.

> That is a nice touch Anna, well done.

So, I have done some calculations, and we can offer you a better price. 

But Tutti Fruity can offer us a good price. 

I am sure they can, but at Tip Top Trading, we pride ourselves on quality products and good value, and I think we can match Tutti Fruity's price. In fact, I think we can beat it. 

I see, that's good to hear. 

We'll give you an extra 10 percent discount, but obviously, we would like you to make a bigger order. 

A bigger order. I would have to see about this.

Yes of course, but please let me know as soon as you can, before someone else **snaps up** this offer. 

> Excellent work Anna, I can see why she's got the job now. But will her sales **tactics** pay off?
> 
> Let's remind ourselves of some of the great lines that Anna used in trying to resolve a **tricky** sales deal...
> 
> * I am sorry to hear you are not happy about our price. 
> 
> * Tip Top Trading prides itself on quality products and good value for money. 
> 
> * You are a valued customer and your business are very important to us. 
> 
> * We can match the price of our competitors. 

Well done Anna, it looks like you may have saved that deals.

Save the deal? Is there a problem?

Well Tutti Fruity has tried to undercut our price but I think I may have saved the deal we had with International Fruit Traders in France. 

Yes, Anna offered a low price for a bigger order, and they are having a think about it. 

**Crumbs**. If the deal is not complete I think you need to get out to France and seal the deal. I want you and Tom to fly out there as soon as possible and do some **schmoozing**.

snap up: 抢购,争夺

tactic: 策略,招数,战术

tricky: 狡猾的

crumbs: 哎呀；天哪

schmoozing: 闲谈

pride: (n) 骄傲,自豪,得意 (v)对...感到自豪

flatter: 吹捧, 对（人）滥用溢美之词；奉承；讨好；


