## 33. Prepare for take off - Language for booking a flight

> Hello again, well this is very exceting. Paul the boss is sending Anna and Tom on a business trip to France. He wants them to **clinch** the deal with a company interested in buying their Imperial Lemon, but has Tom got more than business on his mind?

What? Me and Anna? To France? Yes but make sure you get that contract signed. We need the business. 

Yeah of course. Are we staying overnight? 

There is no money for that, just get there and come straight back. Oh could you bring back those nice French biscuits that have in the  duty-free shop?

So Anna, we are off on holiday together are we? 

No, but I have to book the flight on line, can you help me please. 

Oh it is not my thing. I am sure Denise will help. I need to go and pack for this trip. 

Hello Anna, everything ok?

Sort of. I have to go to France with Tom, Yes I know, I thought you would be pleased to go with Tom, after your time in the stationery cupboard with him. 

I was just finding an envelope Denise. Anyway, I am worried about booking the flight online, I usually book flights at a travel agents. 

It is company policy now, we have to do everything online, even my food shopping, but don't tell Paul. 

Oh right, where shall I begin?

**Pull up** a chair Anna and we'll log on. Right, let's start with the British Airlines website. There, London to Marseille. What is the **outbound** date? 

Going out tomorrow, back tomorrow. 

Business class or the economy class? I think we will say economy.

That is cheaper, I guess. What is this mean, flexible or fixed? A flexible ticket means tou can change your flight but fixed one means you can't, and that is cheaper. so we will choose that one. I'll book you on the 8 am flight from Heathrow and flying home at six PM. Just need typing your full names now, and select your seats. Window or aisle? 

I'll what?

No Anna, a seat by the aisle or by the window?

Oh an aisle seat please. 

What is your frequent flyer number? 

Oh I don't have one of those.

What's that? Frequent flyer number? Here I've got a gold status card, can you stick my number in? 

Gold status? Where did you get that? 

Oh I've **flown** **loads** of times for business, I've done deals all around of worlds. 

He means he's been on lots of **jollies** - free trips paid for by company - and all he's come home with is a sun tan!

Hmm really, Right I'll just need to pay now... using the company account of course. 

Cool now, what do you think of my sunglasses? 

Lovely, Denise has booked you a window seat ok?

Oh no sorry I can't sit by the window, I mean it's only polite that the lady sits by the window. 

> What's Tom like? Hopefully he'll prove he'll prove a useful business parter for Anna on the trip to France. Here is a reminder of some of the questions you maybe asked when booking a flight. 
> 
> * What is the outbound and return date? 
> 
> * Do you want to fly business or economy? 
> 
> * Do you want a fixed or flexible ticket?
> 
> * Would you like a window or aisle seat? 
> 
> * Have you got a frequent flyer number? 

There you go you two, your e-tickets. now don't forget your passports. 

I am so pleased that we are on this trip together, it will be nice to spend some time  with you. 

Yes and to do some business and really show Paul, we are his best employees. 

Yes of course, I just wondered... is there any chance I can sit on the aisle seat? 

> I've got a feeling Anna's in for a **bumpy** ride , find out how their trip goes next time on English at work. See ya!

clinch: 确定, 决定, 敲定.

pull up: 拉一把椅子过来.

flown: fly 的过去分词

loads of: 大量,许多.

jolly: (a.) 欢乐的, 高兴的.

bumpy: (adj.)颠簸的；崎岖不平的；反跳的；波动的；不稳定的
