## 34. The business trip Language for clinching the deal

Tom, could you let go of my hand?

Sorry, it is just I get nervous flying. 

Well, we have landed Marseille now, so you are safe. 

Oh I like your passport photo.

Oh do you? I didn't know your middle name was stanley.

Yes after my great greate father. Really? come on, we need to get a taxi. 

> Hello again, Anna and Tom are on a very important business trip to try and sign a deal to sell their plastic fruit to a company in France. The company has received a better offer so Anna need to convince them that Tip Top Trading's lemons are best. Are you feeling confident Anna?
> 
> Not really, it was OK speaking to them on the phone but seeing them face to face is quite scary. 
> 
> You will be fine, stay calm. They will be pleased you've taken the time fly out and see them, and tell them you are gratefull for their time and recap what you told them on the phone. 
> 
> Oh yes, beat the price of the competitor, but get them to make a bigger order. 
> 
> Yes, and if they order more, you can offer a bigger discount. good luck.

Oh look we are here now. Anna, I hope you don't mind me saying, just leave the talking to me, alright? 

Great to see you. I am Anna from Tip Top Trading, this is my colleague Tom, thank you for sparing the time to see us.

Oh no problem, did you have a good flight? 

Oh it was great, I love those little bottle sof wine they give out, I kept a few with me if you fancy a glass of vin rouge?

I think we should sit down and discuss business. 

Of course, Yeah good idea.

Now I believe Tutty Fruity has offered you a good price, as I said on the phone, we can beat that. 

Yes you did. 

But to get this price, you have got to buy lot's more. 

> Anna, that is not very **subtle**. You need to convince them they need to buy more without telling them they have to. 

What she means is our Imperial Lemons are made with our unique laser curved technology. They are hard wearing and a joy to have on display in any shop window or restaurant. 

Tom, that is amazing. 

I read it on the back of the box. 

So we are really feel that we have a product that you will be proud to display. And to get this fantastic price, you just need to place an order of ten thansand.

And we can even throw in a few sample of our new perfect peach range. 

Each lemon comes with a **satisfaction guarantee**. I know you won't be disappointed.

It sounds good, ok, I think you have a deal. 

> good work Anna, don't forgot to ask him to sign the contract, and tell him when  he can expect the order to be deliverd.

Ok, I would be grateful if you could just sign the contract, we will get the lemons to you as quickly as we can. Tom do you have a pen?

No actually it was in my bag yesterday but it's gone. It was a nice, good one too. 

No problem, I have a pen. 

There you go.

Thank you. It was a pleasure doing business with you, we will get those Lemons to you in two weeks time. 

> Good work Anna, oh and Tom too. The contract is signed but now you have to deliver what you promised. There are many ways to clinch a deal, here are some phrases of Anna used: 
> 
> * Thank you for spearing your time to see us. 
> 
> * Each lemon comes with a **satisfaction** guarantee - I know you won't be disappointed. 
> 
> * I would be grateful if you could just sign the contract. 
> 
> * Thanks you, it was a pleasure doing business with you. 
> 
> So it has been a successful day. It is time for Tom and Anna to fly back to London and tell Paul the good news. or is it? 

Oh no look, our flight to London is cancelled! It is the last one today. What are we going to do. 

Well I guess We just going to have to stay here for the night, I'll sort out a hotel.

Satisfaction guarantee: 满意保证, 不满意包退.

subtle: 微妙的, 巧妙的.


