## 35. Lost in France - Language for briefing the Manager

> Welcome back to English at Work. Where Anna and Tom are in a bit of **predicament**. Following a successful business meeting, they've returned to the airport to discover their flight has been cancelled. What are they going to do next? 

Right, they've rebooked us on to the next flight which is at 7 o'clock tomorrow morning. 

Tomorrow morning? What are we going to do until then? 

It is ok Anna, calm down, I've sorted out a hotel, quite nice one actually. 

But what about our new contract, I've got to sort it out!

 Anna, take a deep breath... It will be ok, let's go and get a drink, and we'll work things out. 

> Anna, maybe Tom is right for once, go and enjoy some Franch **hospitality**, you've done really well today, but perhaps you should keep your boss Paul in the picture. 

In the picture? I didn't take any photos. 

> No Anna, I mean keep him informed. It is always a good idear to keep the boss updated on what's going on. He is the boss after all. 
> 
> Ok I will. 

This one looks quite **cosy**. I'll order us a beer, shall I? 

I'd prefer an orange juice please. 

Oh really? OK then. 

Well she likes you! Well actually everyone likes you Anna, I like you because... 

I like you too Tom, but don't you think I should call Paul and update him on what's going on... keep him in the picture. 

I don't know, let's just enjoy this moment shall we? and besides, he'll be at his biscuit **appreciation** class by now. 

No, I would be happier just to call him, could I borrow your mobile phone please, my battery has run out. 

Sure you'll find his number under **Attila the Hun**.

Attila the Hun?

Just my little joke.

**Cheeky** But hold on, what am I going to say to him? 

> Well don't call him Attila the Hun, think before you call him: it is good news, you've closed the deal and the contract he sighed, we need to proceed with the order as quickly as possible, and say: I am committed to getting the order delivered on time. But if you need help, ask for it. 
> 
> Ok I will. 

Hi Paul, it is Anna, I've got some good news. 

Hold on, Sorry, 

I'm just **munching** some new **crumbly** cream biscuits. Now, what is the good news, is it about the contract? 

Yes, I have closed the deal with Fruit Traders International and the contract is signed. 

Excellent news.

To keep him happy, we need to proceed with the order as quickly as possible. 

Of course, of course. So what are you planning to do. 

Well obviously, I am committed to getting the order delivered on time but I might need some help. I wonder if Tom could...

Yes, Tom can help you. Denise told me you have a special chemistry! Actually where is Tom now? Is he home yet? 

He is not. Actually Paul, Tom and I are going to stay in a hotel tonight. Hello, Oh I've lost the signal. he is gone. 

Never mind Anna, I think he has got the message. Another drink?

> Let's hope Paul has got the right message about Anna and Tom! Anyway she has briefed the boss and kept him in the picture. Here is a reminder of some of the phrases she used:
> 
> * It is good news I have closed the deal and the contract is signed. 
> 
> * We need to proceed with the order as quickly as possible. 
> 
> * I am committed to getting the order delivered on time... but I'll need some help. 
> 
> A good day's work for Anna, but now it is time for bed.

Right well it is time for bed, we've got an early start tomorrow. 

So where are we staying?

A lovely little **boutique** hotel. I've booked a room with a view. 

A room? One room?

Yeah that's all they had actually... honest!

> Hmm... this could be interesting. Let's hope things remain professional! Until next time, bye!

predicament: 尴尬的处境；困境；危境；范畴

cosy: 舒适的；温暖的；安逸的

appreciation class: 鉴赏课

Attila the Hun: 匈奴王阿提拉

hospitality: n. 招待, 款待.

cheeky: 老脸皮的；目无尊长的；无礼的

munch: v.用力咀嚼；出声地咀嚼

crumbly: adj. 由碎屑组成的；易碎的; 脆的

boutique: 时装店, 精品店.
