## 36. The power struggle Language for working with someone new

> Welcome back to English at work where Anna is very, well very happy. You are in a good mood Anna! 
> 
> Well I am just back from France, where everything went really well. It was quite  an experience.
> 
> Good, you've got the contract from that big order, all you need to do now is to deliver what you've promised. 
> 
> I know.

Hello Anna, is Tom ok? He seems really **grumpy** since he got back from France?

He is fine, he just had to sleep on the sofa last night. 

Really, I am sure that is not what he was planning. Now did Paul mention he has got a new member of staff for you to meet this morning?

No. **Typical**! Well she is coming up in the lift with Paul now. 

Oh so who is she? It is Rachel. Do you remember, she is the woman who Mr Socrates recommended, he said she is **brilliant** and **allegedly** one of his best employees...

Oh here she comes now.

And this is our office... Anna there you are. Did I mention before you went to France that Rachel is joining us for a while?

No. oh well here she is. This is Rachel. 

Hi I am Anna, I work here as a sales Executive.

I know, you are quite new aren't you, ya?

Not that new, she has just won a great contract for us. Anyway, looks like you two are going to get on like a house on fire. 

Anna I'd like you to sort of work alongside Rachel. 

Alongside? Shouldn't I be in charge?

Yes, It is just you know you are not familiar with our office, and Anna is, sort of, across this new contract so if you don't mind...

OK, just for now. but don't think I'm going to be told what to do. 

I am sure you won't be Rachel, but maybe we could help each other. 

I'll try. Good. 

> Oh dear, this is awkward. I've never work with anyone like this before. Well now it is your chance Anna, Rachel maybe awkward to manage but try these phrases which may help things go smoothly, say:
> 
> * I understand you have lots of experience so I'd like to use your skills to help with the task. 
> 
> * Together we can do this job really well.
> 
> But why not just start by making her a cup of tea. Good luck. 
> 
> Oh thanks. 

Rachel, would you like a cup of tea? And then we can talk about this contract. I don't drink tea. Let's just get down to business. 

Oh right. 

Now I think you need to check your stock and make sure you've got you oranges.

It is lemons actually. 

Whatever. Just get them and ... you know put them in a **thingy**... a box.

Well actually I understand you have lots of experience so maybe we could use your skills on this task. 

Well it is true, I do have lots of experience, thanks for **recongnising** that.

So maybe we could work on this job together?

Of course. I can get hold of these oranges err lemons, **pronto**. I know a man who can get some second-hand ones, it will save us loads of money.

But what about the quality? 

Quality? **It is the cost we've got to worry about**. **Keep up** Hanna. 

Anna. 

> Come on Anna, don't let her boss you around. It is time to stand your ground. If she causes the trouble say: 
> 
> * Let's discuss this so we can agree on a plan of action.
> 
> * Please respect my decision and let's move on.
> 
> Ok I'll give it a try. 

Rachel, I like your enthusiam but... can we discuss this so we can agree on a plan of action. 

Of course why didn't you say? Come on, discuss, discuss, talk.

Well we pride ourselves on quality products and our Imperial Lemon are pretty good, and I think our client are expecting that, so I would like to send them what I had promised in the contract. 

Oh ya I see, but I am not really sure you are right.

Well if you could just respect my decision this time, and we can move on?

Well just this once Anna. But I think I am going to have to talk with Mr Socrates about you. 

> Welll done Anna for standing your ground. It can sometimes be **tricky** working with a new member of staff, but it's important to try and develop a good working relationship - remember, business comes first. Let's hear those phrases again:
> 
> * I understand you have lots of experience so I would like to use your skills to help with the task.
> 
> * Together we can do this job really well. 
> 
> * Let's dicuss this so we can agree on a plan of action. 
> 
> * Please respect my decision so we can move on. 

Hi Anna, I can't believe we were in France this time yesterday. 

Oh hello Tommy boy, long time no see. This is a nice surprise.

Have you two met before? 

We certainly have. 

> hahaha, looks like Tom is lost for words, Let's hope he finds them in time for the next episode of English at Work.

power struggle: 权力斗争

grumpy: adj.坏脾气的；生气的

Typical: adj.典型的；有代表性的；特有的；象征性的；独特的

brilliant: adj.有才能的；聪明的；杰出的; 

allegedly: adv.据说；依其申述；据传

thingy: 那个人, 那东西, 某某

recognise: 认可, 认出

pronto: adv. 立刻, 马上
