## Rachel the rabbit - Dealing with a difficult member of staff

> Hello it is another busy day at the offices of Tip Top Trading. 

And I said 'No John, not at my age, I'd rather take the bus' 

'Yeah pete, that's great, so we will deliver 2000 bananas by Friday. Let's have a beer soon... yeah... cheers mate'

> But there are two people who are busy and annoying each other...

So you did what? You ordered the second-hand ones?

Relax Hanna. Anna!

That's just oranges!

Plastic oranges actually!

> Anna is **struggling** to work with Rachel - Mr Socrates's favourite sales Executive, who he's sent in to help out... or **hinder** more like.

Look, I am off for a cappuccino, everything will just be fine. **Ciao**. 

Anna, has Rachel gone out? Yes. She is a bit of **man-eater**, she almost ate me once. 

She eats man?

Well not exactly. I worked with her in my last job, she was always listening in to other people's conversations and she was always changing jobs. That's why they call her Rachel the rabbit - you know, big ears, always jumping from one job to another. 

Rachel rabbit, that's funny. So she isn't that good then. Oh useless, she only worked for Mr Socrates because her father **threatened** to **sue** the company, after one of our plastic pineapples **fell off** a shelf and broke his **toe**, but better keep that under you hat.

My hat? I mean keep it secret. Oh right, I see. Well now, she has ordered loads of second-hand oranges to send our new customer in France. But they wanted the Imperial Lemons. 

I know, I am not sure what to do, so I am going to have to speak to Paul about this. 

> Yeah it is a good idea to **refer up** sometimes - ask the boss for advice, say to him:
> 
> * I am concerned that Rachel has made a mistake that might affect the business.
> 
> You might also say:
> 
> * She is not pulling her weight.
> 
> Meaning she is not doing the work she is supposed to do. And you could say:
> 
> * I am finding it very difficult to work with this person. 
> 
> Right,  I'll try.

There is Paul now. Paul, could I have a word please. Of course Anna, let's go in my office. Now, how can I help? 

Err well it is Rachel.Yes amazing woman, Mr Socrates's favourite. 

I know, but I am finding it is difficult to work with her. 

Oh why is that? I am a bit concerned that she's made a mistake and it might affect our business. 

Golly gosh, really? Why is that?

Well she has ordered second-hand oranges for our new clients in France. That is **marvellous**... isn't it?

Well I asked her not to, they wanted lemons, the Imperial Lemons. 

Ah... not so marvellous. Anything else? 

Well speaking personally, I don't think she is pulling her weight, she doesn't seem to do any work and just keeps going out to buy cappuccinos.

Well **that's just not on**. Look, Anna, I will look into this straight away and see if I can sort this out, thanks for bringing it to my attention. Now I think you've earned a custard cream.

> So Anna has expressed her concerns to Paul, the boss, it is up to him to investigate.
> 
> As long as you have a fair reason to complain about a difficult member of staff, these are some of phrases you could use:
> 
> * I am concerned that she has made a mistake that might affect the business. 
> 
> * She is not pulling her weight. 
> 
> * I am finding it is very difficult to work with her. 
> 
> I wonder how Paul is going to handle the situation.  

Ah, there you are Rachel,  nice cappuccino, could you step in to my office for a moment, I'd like a word. 

Ya sure. 

Ooh, I wonder what that's all about. Do you know Anna?

No idea. She is probably going to get a promotion and a pay raise, and a custard cream. 

Thanks Paul, ciao. What a great guy he is. Such a great sense of humour! Looks like we are doing some good work Anna.

> Oh Anna, I am not sure Paul has really sorted out your concerns. But don't worry, we are here to help you out. See you next time on English at Work. Bye!

struggling: adj. 努力的；奋斗的；苦斗的

hinder: v. 阻碍,打扰

man-eater: 吃人的恶魔, 食人族, 专门勾引男人的女人.

treatened: v. 威胁, 扬言要.

sue: v. 起诉, 控告.

fell off: 跌落.

toe: 脚趾, 足端, 端部, 顶部.

refer up: 向上参考, 参考领导的意见.

marvellous: adj. 令人惊奇的,不同寻常的.

that's just not on: 这是不对的.
