## Oranges and lemons - Language for good customer relations.

> Hello and welcome again to English at Work, where things are a little tense. Anna is finding it is hard to work with new employee - Rachel. She's told Paul the boss, about Rachel's **incompetence** but he's done nothing about it. So Anna, how are you feeling today.
> 
> Frustrated. All that work I put in getting the contract for Imperial Lemons and Rachel has send out a load of second-hand plastic oranges! 
> 
> I guess you are going to have to call your client and sort out the mass. 
> 
> I guess so. 

Oh hi Tom. Is she about? The man-eater?

No, it is all clear, she is going out for a cappuccino. 

Oh good good. Look, I managed to call the guy she bought sencond-hand oranges from, and I cancelled the order. 

Yeah, and last night, I managed to order some Imperial Lemons and send them to that company in France - Fruit Traders International. Here is the **paperwork**. 

Tom! that is brilliant, here, let me give you a big hug. You saved the day!

Em... that is a bit **tight**.

Oh no, not again. **You two just can't leave each other alone**...

But it was just...

**Say no more** Anna. Now I was looking for my special red pen, have you seen it anywhere? 

No, oh funny that my pens have gone missing too. I'll go and get some more.

Now Anna, I don't want to **interfere** but have you called that company in France to see tow they are? 

Well they are fine aren't they? 

It is good customer service to call them and see how they are. 

But what do I say?

Tell you what, I'll go overthere, and you can call me and practise.

Ok Tom I am calling your number now. 

Hello, food Trader International. Hello.

Introduce yourself and ask me how I am.

Hello I am Anna from Tip Top Trading, how are you today?

I am very well. No ask me about the order. I hope you have received our Imperial Lemons and that you are happy with our order. Yes Very very happy. The lemons are fantastic. 

Oh that is good. Em, we do hope you are pleased about our service and that you may use us again. 

We certainly will, thank you. Do you have any questions you may want to ask?

No... Actually yes... err can I buy you dinner sometime. 

Very funny Tom, they won't ask that!

No I am asking you! 

Oh right, erm... ok then, yes! 

> Hooray! Or should I say oh dear, Silly Anna has agreed to go on a dinner date with Tom - but there is still some business to attend to. Don't forget to make that call to your client Anna.
> 
> No I won't. In fact, I'll do it right now. 
> 
> Good, once she makes that call, here is a remainder of some of the phrases she could use:
> 
> * Hello I am Anna from Tip Top Trading, how are you today.
> 
> * I hope that you have received our order and are happy with it. 
> 
> * We do hope you are pleased with our service and that you may use us again.
> 
> * Do you have any questions you may want to ask. 

Are you ok Anna, you look a bit **annoyed**. 

I am, I just called our client in France to check everything was ok, and they said Rachel had already called them and told them our lemons were so last season and they would be stupid not to choose oranges.

That is **terrible**. Hey Anna, how about this restaurant forour date... I mean our business meeting. Look at the menu.

Not now Tom, Rachel has massed things up again, she's causing so much trouble, she has got to go. 

This calls for action.

> It certainly does, it sounds like Rachel has gone too far this time, and it is up to Anna to sort things out. But what can she do? 
> 
> Join us again next time on English at Work to find out. Bye!

Say no more: 我早知道了, 还用你说.

incompetence: n. 无能力；不胜任；不适当；不熟练

paperwork: n. 文书工作；文案工作；文书

interfere: v. 妨碍,扰乱,干扰.
