## A step too far - Disciplining a member of staff

> Hello and welcome back to Tip Top Trading. New recruit Rachel has been making the life difficult for Anna - she has been making some bad business dicisions. Let's find out how Anna can save the day. 

Right, we definitely got to do something about Rachel, definitely. I am a bit busy at the moment. 

Sorting out your dinner date are you Tom? So Anna, have you spoken to Paul about this?

Yes I have, but he didn't do any thing. Well he is your boss, so I think you have got to speak to him again. Take him some biscuits that might get his attention. 

Oh I will try. Oh one key notes, so you have a record of your conversation. 
Denise, you are amazing, but where have the pens gone to? 

That is strange - we all seem to be losing our pens. Here, use this old pencil. 

Thanks.

> Anna, are you happy complaining officially about Rachel? Not really, but what else can I do? She has been spoiling all the work after been doing. 
> 
> Yes she has. Ok well tell Paul the facts and tell him you want action. 
> 
> Ok right, here goes. 

Come in. I really need to speak to you about Rachel. She really is massing something up. 

Sorry, just counting my biscuits. What were you saying? Rachel? great girl, isn't she?

No she is not. Paul, she is already send us the wrong order, and now she is upset our new client, plus, have you seen the way she dresses, I am not happy, and I think you have got to take some action. 

> Anna, you are on fire! But stick to the facts, don't get personal about Rachel.

 Well I am sure Mr Socrates would disagree with you, look if she is as bad as you say then I'll give you my permission to discipline her - give her a warning. 

What? Me? You know what she has done wrong, so tell her not to do it again. And besides I have got an important meeting to go to, and they usually have those delicious shortbread biscuits. So... I'll leave it with you then. 

> What a useless boss. Anna, are you happy about what to do next? 
> 
> Not really. What am I going to say? 
> 
> It is not easy and keep calm and professional, and say to Rachel:
> 
> * You have made some serious mistakes
> 
> * You need to consult me before you contact any of our clients.
> 
> Give her a **verbal warning**, say:
> 
> * These mistakes can not happen again! otherwise, I'll have to refer the matter to someone higher. 
> 
> This may lead to **disciplinary** action but it may be for the best. 
> 
> Oh it's all very serious but I suppose I've got to do it. 

Anna darling what's wrong? I saw Paul and he said **you are in bit of mood**.

It is not a mood, Rachel. Can we talk please, now.

Yeah sure, let's sit it here, ~~~~shall we? not in that chair - that's my favourite. 

Rachel, I wanted to let you know, that you've made some serious mistakes. You have really upset our new client - and think it is ok to sell second-hand plastic oranges. 

Calm down, it is business, darling. 

It is not good business Rachel. These mistakes can not happen again. If they do I will have to take matters higher and it could result in disciplinary action.

Oh you are quite scary for a short girl. 

> That was unnecessary! But well done Anna for keeping cool and calm in a difficult situation. Let's hope Rachel has got the message. 
> 
> Here is a reminder of the phrases you could use when giving someone a verbal warning. 
> 
> * You have made some serious mistakes.
> 
> * You need to consult me before you contact any of our clients.
> 
> * These mistakes can not happen again, otherwise I'll have to refer the matter to someone higher. 
> 
> Let's find out how Rachel is behaving. 

Hello Rachel. Tommy boy, come and give me a hug. 

Pens, All our pens! You've been stealing them! 

What's going on? I say, what are all those pens doing on the floor?

They're from Rachel's handbag. She's been stealing them. 

What? The company's pens? Well I need to see you in my office Rachel, now, if you don't mind. 

> So Rachel is the pen thief! What does this mean for her job at Tip Top Trading? Find out next time, until then, bye!

verbal warning: 口头警告

you are in bit of mood: 你有点情绪激动

disciplinary: adj. 纪律性的, 惩戒性的.
