## The Appraisal - Language to use in an appraisal

Could I have a word Anna, in my office?

> Hello again, I wonder what Paul wants to say to Anna, could it have something to do with Rachel the pen thief, or is it just **to do with** biscuits? Let's find out.

Have a seat, so well done for speaking to her. Stealing all these pens from the office was the final straw. She was stealing straws?

No, no, it was the final thing that she did wrong and it meant disciplinary action. I had to ''let her go' - in other words, sack her. 

oh so she has gone. But what's Mr Socrates going to say? She was his best employee!

Leave it with me. I am sure he'll understand, I hope. Now I wanted to speak to you about your appraisal.

My appraisal? Yes we do it every year, it is a chance to talk about you, talk about the highs and lows of the past year, and look forward. 

Highs and lows? But I haven't been walking up any hills. 

> No Anna! He means your appraisal is about reviewing your performance and setting objectives for the year ahead. 
> 
> I see, but what are objectives?
> 
> These are task for you to do, to try and improve your performance and skills and help the business. Here are the questions you are **likely to** hear in an appraisal. 
> 
> * What has gone well for you this year? 
> 
> * What didn't go so well?
> 
> * What should you do more of?
> 
> * Let's look ahead and set some objectives.
> 
> Right thanks. 

So Paul when shall we have this appraisal? 

If you have time we could make it start now? 

Ok, so I need to think about my performance first?

Exactly. What has gone well for you this year?

Well I guess I have just done my job. 

> Anna, this is your chance to sell yourself, think about the deals you've made, the people you have managed, **that sort of thing**. 

Well, I did complete two big contracts for the Imperial Lemon.

You have had **plenty of** **compliments** for that. 

you seem to have a zest for selling!

Right then there was dealing with Mr Ingle in the warehouse. 

Yes that is a good example of dealing with difficult staff. And what didn't go so well?

Working with Rachel and cold calling I suppose. That wasn't easy.

Oh yes but you soon warmed up! And what should you do more of?

> It is a tricky question Anna, but don't be ashamed about admitting things that you feel you could improve on. Nobody is perfect. Think about skills you'd like to improve. 

Well Paul I guess I could develop some ideas for new products? Continue to work on the Euripean marketing strategy... sell more Imperial Lemons...

That is enough Anna, if you do all that, you'll put me out of a job!

Oh I don't want to do that.

Now, let's look ahead and set some objectives. Biscuts?

Biscuits as an objective? Oh I see... no thanks. 

We've all got to improve our sales targets so I'm asking all the team to make an extra ten sales deals this year. 

Oh ten, that's a lot. It is, but I know you can do it, and you mentioned developing new products well I'd like you to do just that, but not plastic fruit, I'd like you to develop a plastic vegetable. Potato, carrot, that sort of thing.

Gosh well OK. Oh one more thing, could you help Denise sort out the stationary cupboard? It is a right mess. 

> That is a lot of objectives for Anna. She's got her work **cut out** there **for** the next year. Appraisal is a good time to review your work and plan what you going to do next. Here is a reminder of the kind of questions your manager may ask you:
> 
> * What has gone well for you this year? Give me some examples.
> 
> * What didn't go so well?
> 
> * What should you do more of?
> 
> * Let's look ahead and set some objectives.

So if you could write up your appraisal and have it back to me by Friday?

Of course Paul, thanks. See you later. 

Hi Anna, are you still on dinner on Friday? 

It is a mouse, I've just seen a mouse running out of the stationary cupboard.

Was he stealing pens? It's not a joke. Quick... there he goes.

Leave it to me.  Tom are you ok?

> Uh what's happened to Tom? Has he broken something? Join us next time to find out. Bye!



appraisal: n. 估计,评估,估量

to do with: 与...有关

straw: 稻草

final straw: 最后一根稻草

sack: v. 开除, 解雇. 

likely to: 很可能, 可能会

that sort of thing: 那种事情, 诸如此类的事情.

plenty of: 大量, 许多.

compliment: n. 恭维,赞美, 称赞.

zest: 热情

cut out for: 适合于, 准备, 面对.
