## Doing it by the book - Language for health and safety

> Welcome back to the offices of Tip Top Trading where Tom has taken a **tumble**. He was trying to catch a mouse but **tripped over**. Can Anna help **soothe** the pain? Let's find out.

My arm really hurts. What's all this noise about? 

It is Tom, he's had an accident - he has tripped out a mouse - I mean tripped over trying to catch a mouse.

Golly gosh, are you OK Tom? I don't know, I think I have broken something. 

You pencil I think! Just sit there at my desk and I'll go and call a **first-aider**. 

Anna you are going to have to fill in one of these Health and Safety reports. 

Oh really? Do we have to? It's **procedure** and it's the law - it's got to be done. Now Tom, would a biscurt make you feel better? 

> Health and Safety is important in the workplace. The office needs to be a safe place to work in, but accidents do hap pen and that's when you have to report it. Anna, do you know where to find the form you need to fill in?
> 
> I think so, it is here on the company intranet... here it is, ''accident report form'
> 
> Yes it is sometime called an 'incident or accident report form'. It will ask you:
> 
> * How did the accident happen?
> 
> * What was the cause of the accident?
> 
> * Were there any injuries?
> 
> * How could the accident have been avoided?
> 
> OK I had better get started.

Right now, I have called the first-aider, she'll be here in ten minutes. Now, do you need a hand with this form, Anna?

Yes please Denise, it wants to know how the accident happened.

Just say there is a mouse, no, a large rat, running about that needed catching. And Tom, very bravely, tried to catch it. 

And yes and then he tripped over something. 

**Was it your ego** Tom?

**It was a sample box of Perfect Peaches.** So the cause of the accident was a box of Perfect Peaches left on the floor. Who left them there anyway?

That might have been me Denise.

What I always say about putting things away? Now Anna, it says here 'Were there any injuries ?'

So I'll write, 'Yes, a member of staff broke his arm'.

**Sprained** his arm. I think he'd be in a lot more pain if it was broken, hey Tom?

What? yeah, still hurts though. 

Now finally it says, 'What can be done to avoid this accident happen again?'

Get ride of the **mice**... I mean rats?

No, store things away properly and keep the office **tidy**, Tom?

Yes I suppose so. But I was only trying to catch that mouse.

I know, very **heroic**, I am starting to see what Anna sees in you, you know.

Oh no, Anna, our dinner date. 

> So it's been an eventful day in the office. Anna has done the proper thing by completing an accident report form, if you have to report an accident at work, here are some questions you might be asked:
> 
> * How did the accident happen?
> 
> * What was the cause of the accident?
> 
> * Were there any injuries?
> 
> * How could the accident have been avoided? 
> 
> So luckly for Anna she might **get out** of that date with Tom! 

Hey Tom don't look so **glum**, I am up for dinner if you still are? 

Really? Sure Tom and as you've only got one arm now, you won't hugging me all the time. 

You'll have to **spoon feed** him his food too! 

Denise, could you go and call pest control please? 

Careful what you say Denise, or you may get injured too! So it looks like Anna and Tom's dinner date is on - I can't wait **to be a fly on the wall**. 

See you again soon, Bye!



tumble: v. 突然地跌倒 n. 突然跌倒.

trip over: 被…绊倒

soothe: v. 安慰, 使平静, 使减少痛苦.

first-aider: 急救人员 

Sprain: 扭伤

mice: mouse 的复数 

tidy: adj. 整洁的；整齐的

heroic: adj. 英雄的

glum: adj. 沮丧的；郁闷的

be a fly on the wall: 成为墙上的苍蝇, 引申义为: 置身事外的观察者

procedure: 程序, 过程,步骤

spoon feed: 用勺子喂
