## The dinner date - Language to use when writing a proposal

Would you like to see the menu?

Yes please. I was asking the lady actually. Oh right.

> Hello again. Anna and Tom are finally on their dinner date at a pizza restaurant. Eating could be difficult for Tom because he's **sprained** his arm after that accident in the office. He might still have romance on his mind but Anna is thinking about something else.
> 
> Are you feeling nervous Anna?
> 
> Nervous? Why? 
> 
> Being out on your own with Tom. What are you going to talk about?
> 
> Don't worry, I can handle this. Besides I want Tom's ideas about developing a new plastic vegetable. 
> 
> A plastic vegetable! Oh right, well good luck.

So this is nice. Finally, us together, on our own, me and you, pizza, red wine... expensive red wine actually.

Lovely Tom. You know Tom, Paul wants me to develop new idea, plastic vegetables, I thought, maybe, you might like to help me?

Come on Anna, we'are not here to talk business. Tell me about you - the real Anna. Have you had many... err, many boyfriends before? 

That is a bit personal. What do you think about plastic peas?

Err? Can you not swith off from work for one minute?

Tom, I think you and me are very similar, we are a good team. If we could come up with a great idea for Paul then who knows... we may get to travel the world selling it together? 

Oh I see, I hadn't thought of it like that. Right well.

Your pizzas... madam... sir... Thanks.

Tom, I think you need some help cutting that. Thanks.

Oh, you smell nice, or is that the pizza?

**I've got it!**

What? 

Plastic aubergines!

They would look great on this table - a sort of **decoration**.

Yeah! And you could put sauces inside... or salt and pepper. **You could be on to something here**.

We need to put a proposal together, to give it to Paul. But what should we say?

> Anna your proposal need to be brief but clear. Use positive language to propose your idea to Paul. Use words like **exceptional**, **fantastic**, quality, and talk how it would benefit the business by using words like 'profit', 'efficiency' and 'value for money'. Good luck.

Are you ok Anna? 

Yes, just writing something down. 

Ok well right Anna we could target restaurants and cafes. They'll be begging for our vegetables. This is so exciting... Let's drink to our... succ... oh!

Tom? what have you done? You have knocked red wine all over me... and my notebook.

Ermm, sorry, We had better get you out of that dress. 

> Hmm what a mess and what a date! But what may be lacking in romance is made up for in a potentially successful business deal. 
> 
> Let's find out how it's going much much later at Tom's flat.

... this exceptional product has fantastic potential

Say 'demand for this plastic aubergine will reach **melting point**', my little joke. 

By makeing the production more **efficient**, our customers will get **value for money**, and our profits will increase. There, done. 

Right, we can **pitch** this to Paul first thing on monday morning. So now, maybe we can get back to our date? Look I saved some of that pizza. 

It is all cold, Anyway, I had better go, it is late and I want to **tidy up** this proposal. But it's been great. I can't wait till next time. 

> Well that went well, the pizza maybe cold but Anna and Tom have developed a red hot proposal. Here is a reminder of some of the words you might want to use to make your business proposal **stand out**...
> 
> Exceptional
> 
> Fantastic
> 
> Quality.
> 
> Profit
> 
> Efficiency
> 
> Value for money.
> 
> So with the proposal written, Tom and Anna just need to convince Paul and  that means pitching their idea. Find out how they get on next time. Bye for now.

sprain: v. 扭伤

decoration: 装饰

You could be on to something here: 你可能会发现一些事情

exceptional: adj. 罕见的；不寻常的

value for money: 物有所值

melting point: 熔点

pitch: 

tidy up: 整理

stand out: 突出, 杰出
