## Doing your homework -  Language to use in research

> Hello again. Last time on English at Work, we heard Anna leaving Tom crying into his cold pizza. He may not have had the evening he was expecting, but for Anna it was a huge success. She came up with an idea for a new plastic vegetable and now she needs pitch it to Paul, the boss.

So I think I'll go for the blue, Marge, it matches my eyes...well almost.

Morning Denise, oh hello Anna...

Yes, Anna, bright girl, what she sees in Tom I'll never know... what? haha, I am sure you would...

Hi Tom, you are in early.

Coouldn't sleep after you'd left. Tom, it was a fantastic night - unforgettable in fact, thanks so much.

Did you hear that Marge? She said it was unforgettable. Looks like they are getting very serious... 

> You are such a **gossip**, Denise. The only thing Anna is serious about is her new idea. How is it going Anna? 
> 
> I am really excited about launching a new product, although Tom doesn't seem so **keen**.
> 
> Don't worry about him. You need to concentrate on convincing Paul that your new idea will bring in the business. 
> 
> But how?
> 
> You need to pitch the idea to him but before that you need to do some research. 
> 
> Yes of course, research.
> 
> But how do I do that? 
> 
> Check out the **competition**, work out some costs and find out what new product people would really like to see. Why not do a customer survey?
> 
> A customer survey, right. But what should I ask? 
> 
> Say:
> 
> * Can I ask for your opinion on a new product we are hoping to develop?
> 
> * What plastic products do you currently use?
> 
> * What products would you like us to make in the future?
> 
> * How do you feel about the idea of selling plastic vegetables?
> 
> * Any particular vegetable you would like to see?
> 
> OK, so it's like a **questionaire**. I need to do some cold calling again. 
> 
> Good luck!

I think I'm going to need some help with this. Tom, Denise, have you got time to help me please?

Of course Anna.

Yeah, well it's a bit **tricky** with my... ouch... sprained arm. But go on. As it's you. 

Thanks. We need to call up some companies and find out how interested they would be in buying plastic vegetables. 

Oh lovely, I love talking to people on the phone.

You certainly do, Denise. 

Good Denise. If you work your way throught our business directory, call our existing customers and ask these questions.

**I'll get onto it straight away**.

Great, and Tom, could you help me by cold calling some new businesses?

Oh yeah sure, I've got loads of contacts.

I suppose I had better make some calls too. Let's try this one. 7439100.

Hello plastic purr-fection. Can I help you?

Oh hi. I am Anna from Tip Top Trading. We make and sell plastic fruits. I am trying to get some opinions on the new products we are trying to develop. Can you spare a few minute to help me?

Well I'm quite busy at the moment but I'll try and help.

Thank you, I'll be as quick as I can. Firstly, what plastic products do you use at the moment?

All sorts - plastic balls, plastic fish, plastic mice...

Plastic mice...? oh I see, What sort of things would you loke us to sell in the future?

Let's think. erm... more **squeaky** toys?

Squeaky toys? What about plastic vegetables?

Do they squeaky? 

Err not really. I think there might be some confusion here. Do you use plastic fruits in restaurants and shops? 

No, we just sell plastic toys, for cats, **hence** the name 'plastic purr-fection'.

Oh I see, a good name. but I am sorry you're not really the business I was looking for. Thanks for your time anyway, bye.

Bye, get down Tiddles.

> Uh-oh Anna, it is a good idea to check excatly what type of business you are calling before carrying out your survey. Better luck next time. 
> 
> If you are doing some research and wants get the opinions of your customers, here's a reminder of the questions you could ask:
> 
> * Could I ask for your opinion on a new product we are hoping to develop?
> 
> * what plastic products do you currently use?
> 
> * What products would you like to see us sell in the future? 
> 
> * How do you feel about the idea of selling plastic vegetables?
> 
> * Any particular vegetable you would like to see?
> 
> Let's find out how the team is getting on?

That was fun. I called ten companies, asked them your questions - one man asked me out for dinner. Anyway, I've created a database and put all the information there. 

Well I've called twenty companies and they all say plastic vegetables would be a greate addition to their range... especially aubergines!

Great, well, I had some success too so I'll put all the results in that database. Thanks everyone. 

Oh no, what's happened? Denise! Everything's disappeared off the computer!  

Hey, my computer has gone blank. We've lost all our documents!

> Oh no, a computer crash! Has Tip Top Trading lost all its valuable information? Find out next time in English at Work. Bye!

gossip: n. 闲聊；无拘束的谈话；聊天；爱谈论别人私生活的人

keen: adj. 热心的；热切的；渴望的；热情的

competition: n. 竞争

tricky: 棘手的, 难对付的

squeaky: adj. 声音短促尖厉的；吱吱嘎嘎作响的

I'll get onto it straight away: 我马上就去办