## Computer Crisis - Language to use in dealing with IT support

It is frozen. Nothing will work...

Yeah and all my football scores, I mean company accounts... have disappeared.

Can anyone get these computer to work? Or it is just me. 

> Welcome back to the offices of Tip Top Trading where, as you can hear, there appears to be a bit of computer trouble. Everyone's work seems to have disappeared. This is **serious**, so who can sort it out.

Leave it to me, I'll sort it out.

You just need to switch if off, and on again, like that. 

Hold on, let's check. Denise, all my documents have gone now!

Oh sorry, I was just trying to help. You'll just have to call IT support. Look, here is the number. 

It's Support?

> No Anna, not 'it' but IT Support - Information Technology - sometimes call computer support. Most big computers have them.These are the people who sort out your computer problems and get everything working again. But be careful, they might ask some tricky questions. 
> 
> Ok, thanks, but what should I say to them? 
> 
> Tell them:
> 
> * I am having problems with my computer. 
> 
> Then say:
> 
> * The screen keeps freezing.
> 
> and:
> 
> * I seem to have lost some documents.
> 
> Tell them:
> 
> * I have turned the computer off and on but that hasn't fixed it.
> 
> Finally:
> 
> * Ask if they can help - please
> 
> Well I'll give it a try. Here it goes.

IT Dave speaking, how can I help?

Oh hello Dave, I am having some computer problems, in fact everyone is here.

Right, what system are you using?

What system?

Yeah, what are you using? PC, laptop? windows XP? 

Tell him, it is windows 7. 

Err it is windows 7 on a PC. 

Good good this should be easy. Were you using many applications when it crashed?

Applications? 

Did you have lots of things open, documents, spreedsheets, videos, other software?

Well I suppose I did. 

Right well, Anna is it?

Well Anna, try pressing control, alt, delete, at the same time - after that, try opening windows atgain. 

Ok, Tom, could you open the windows please.

What? The windows?

Yes, Dave says so. 

No, open windows 7 on you computer. Oh silly me! No, the screen just freezes. I am a bit worried because I think I've lost some documents. 

Em, in that case the only thing to do is reboot it. Reboot it? You mean kick it?

No, reboot means turn it off and on again.

Oh I see. No Dave, I have already tried turning it off and on again, but that hasn't fixed it. What am I going to do?

Don't panic. I'll come and have a look. You are on the 2nd floor right? 

> Oh dear, this is a bit worrying but I am sure Dave the IT man will get things sorted. Remember if you have important documents, it's best to back them up on a memory stick just in case you have a problem like this. 
> 
> Let's remind ourselves of the phrases we might use if we have to call computer support. 
> 
> * I am having problems with my computer.
> 
> * The screen keeps freezing.
> 
> * I seem to have lost some documents.
> 
> * I have turned the computer off and on but hasn't fixed it.
> 
> * Can you help please?

Oh Hi, is Anna here? She is over there. 

So Anna, I'm just going to unplug the screen and put the wire back in... 

Ok Tom, but are you OK down there? Mind your head. 

Excuse me, are you Anna? I've come to fix you computer.

Oh hello you must be Dave? I really like your hair. 

Thanks you look rather lovely. I'd better take a look at your computer.

Don't worry guys, it is ok, I think I've fixed it.

Looks Tom has a **rival**. Is Anna going to fall for the **charms** of Dave, the IT man, or is he just going to upgrade her software? This could get very interesting - but there's still work to be done - so join us again soon for English at work, Bye. 

serious: adj. 严重的, 严肃的. n. 严重的事.

rival: 竞争对手

charm: n. 神韵, 迷人,丰姿, 美色. v. 勾引
