## The plastic aubergine - Language for making an 'elevator pitch'

> Hello and welcome to English at work, The Company's computer system has been fixed and Anna seems to have found a new friend in Dave, the IT support man. But her main concern now is pitching her new idea for plastic aubergine to Paul the boss.

So Anna, that guy didn't really know what he was doing did he? 

You man Dave? Dave! Was that his name? He had a really bad smell. 

No he didn't, he has done a great job. Look everything is working so if you don't mind I think we should get this pitch for Paul finished. 

You'd better hurry up. **Paul is taking the afternoon off to go to his biscuit lover's convention.**

Oh right well, we might as well leave it until tomorrow then Anna. 

No Tom, **there is no time like the present**, I heard someone say that once - We've got  to get our idea to Paul as soon as possible. Then we might have time for a drink, or shall I ask Dave? 

Oh no no you are right, look I'll design some pictures of the aubergine, and you get  the results of our survey together, yeah? Great.

> Well done Anna, remember to make your pitch clear and exciting. Really sell it with words like **exceptional**, **fantastic**, **quality**, **profit**, **efficiency**, and **value for money**. 
> 
> Ok I've got all that. I am just adding some of the facts and figures from our customer survey. 

Anna I've got the designs, **they're coming off the printer now**. 

Denise, I am off now. Can't wait any longer for my **garibaldis**!

Wait Paul I need to tell you about our new product idea!  

Well I have to go, can you tell me about it in the lift?

In the lift? Do I have to? Sorry Anna but that is the only time I have got. 

> Right Anna, It is time for your 'elevator pitch', an elevator is an American word for lift. You'll need to pitch your idea quickly and **concisely**. You need to tell Paul about the product and the market. Then talk about how you hope it will make money for the company. Talk about the evidence you have that it'll be successful and convince him it will really benifit the business. 
> 
> There is a lot to say in a short time but here goes.

 Anna, could you just press the 0 button there, thanks. 

Now Paul, Tom and I have come up with an exciting new product - the plastic aubergine. 

Oh yes? Yes, This fantastic product will be a great addition to table decorations in the cafe and restaurant market.

Will it now? Do you really think it will be a profitable addition to our plastic portfolio?

Oh yes, using the same plastics as our fruits, we can easily **re-mould** our bananas and change the colour. We can increase efficency but maintain quality. 

And profits? By my calculations, we can increase profits by 20 percents. That's based on selling the same quantity that we now sell of imperial Lemons.

Hmm, 20 percent, really? Do you know who is going to buy this product? 

I do. We've **conducted** a survey and already found 10 new companies wo would buy this, and 27 existing customers who have shown an interest in it...

And I am confident this new product will be a huge sucess. 

Very impressive. You've certainly done your homework. Look, let me chew it over - probably on a custard cream - and I'll get back to you. Thanks.

Paul you have forgotten your bag. Oh yes I'll need that, thanks. 

> Good work Anna, you've convinced me but have you convinced Paul? So Anna's done her first 'elevator pitch' and kept to the facts.
> 
> Here is the reminder of some of the things she said:
> 
> * We have come up with an exciting new product.
> 
> * This fantastic product will be a great addition to table decorations in cafe and restaurant market. 
> 
> * We can increase efficiency and maintain quality. 
> 
> * By my calculations we can increase profits by 20 percents.
> 
> * I am confident this new product will be a huge success. 

So how did it go Anna? 

I am not sure, I told Paul as much as I could and I think he listened. 

Good good, so what are you doing now? 

I've got to meet someone.

Anyone I know. No, not really. It is Dave, from IT isn't it?

**What does she see in him?**

> Do you want me to answer that Tom?  Anna may have fallen for the charms of Dave but let's hope she keeps her mind on her plastic aubergines. Join us again next time on English at Work.

take afternoon off: 下午休假

convention: n. 习俗，惯例；大会，集会；

there is no time like the present: 没有比现在更好的时机了

exceptional: adj. 卓越的，杰出的；不寻常的，罕见的

quality: n. 质量. adj. 优质的, 高质量的

efficiency: n. 效率

conduct: v. 实施, 进行. n. 行为, 举止.

What does she see in him?: 她看中他哪一点了?
