## Acting Up - Language to use when you're in charge

> Last time we heard Anna pitching her new plastic aubergine idea to Paul in a lift. He was on his way to a biscuit lovers' convention, and didn't have much time. She gave the perfect elevator pitch, but **it is down to** Paul to give her idea go ahead - the problem is, he seems to have gone missing.

Denise, isn't Paul supposed to be here today?

Yes, he went to that biscuit lovers' convention yesterday but he said he'd be back today. 

Maybe he's **eloped** with **a pack of** custard creams, eh?

Very funny Tom. I'll give him a call now. Oh, that must be him. 

Hello Tip Top Trading, Hello Paul. everything OK? oh no, oh no!

What Denise? What is he saying? 

He **choked** on a biscuit at the convention and he is in hospital. Yes Paul, that was Tom. You want to speak to Anna? I'll just get her... get better soon Paul.

Anna, it is Paul on the phone, he wants to speak to you - sounds important. 

Me? oh right, can you transfer the call please? Hello Paul are you OK?

Not really. Damn Garibaldi got **wedged** in my throat, ended up **banging** my head on a table trying to get it out.

Oh dear so you are not coming to work today?

I am afraid not. I need to rest for a few days so I was wondering, in fact, I'm asking you, could you **act up**?

I've told you before Paul, I cann't act or even sing.

No no Anna, act up, I mean do my job for a bit - be the boss, just for a day or two. 

Me? Be the boss? What?

It is quite easy really. Just check my diary and you will see what needs doing. And if you have any problems just ask Denise, Thanks Anna. 

> That is great Anna, you have got all the skills to do Paul's job - maybe even more. But you need to take charge and show who is boss! 
> 
> Oh right but what should I say.
> 
> Well don't to be bossy, but you could say:
> 
> * If anyone has any issues about their work please come and speak to me.
> 
> * Or I would like to have a meeting to discuss our work.
> 
> * Or if you have anything you want to ask, my door is always open.
> 
> That makes you sound like a very **approachable** boss! Good luck.
> 
> Thanks. 

Right everyone, as you know, Paul has put me in charge for a while. **I am not being funny** Anna, but why you? I mean, I have been here the longest.

Tom, if you have any issues about you work, please come and speak to me. 

Oh right I will then.

Anna, congratulations on your promotion. I just wondered, now you are in charge, could I do a little less admin and a bit more selling?

Let's see Denise, I'd like to have a meeting soon to discuss all our work. So we can talk about it then. OK?

Oh yes, thanks Anna.

Right then, it is business as usual and if there is anything you want to ask, my door is always open. right, back to work. And Tom, could I have a word in my office now please?

> Excellent work Anna, you are sounding like the boss already - just don't start eating biscuits! being in charge means being firm but fair and keeping your cool. Here is a reminder of some of phrases Anna used:
> 
> * If anyone has any issues about their work please come and speak to me.
> 
> * I would like to have a meeting to discuss our work. 
> 
> * If there is anything you want to ask, my door is always open. 

Take a seat Tom, could you please close the door. I thought your door was always open. 

Not this time. I need to speak to you about this message in Paul's diary. 

Oh right I see, you need my help. what does it say?

It is for two days time, and it says, Socrates, IPC, final.

Oh no, that doesn't sound good. 

> Oh dear, what could that mean, **could there be trouble ahead**? Join us again soon to find out. Bye

it is down to: 现在该由...

elope: v. 私奔

a pack of: 一包, 一盒

a lump of: 一团, 一块

choke: v. 噎住；呛住；哽住；窒息；n.喉管；阻气门

wedge: v. 挤入, 塞入

act up: 

approachable: a. 平易近人的

I am not being funny: 我不是在开玩笑

could there be trouble ahead: 接下来会有什么麻烦吗?
