## Talking sense - Language to use to clear up confusion

> Welcome back to English at Work, Anna is acting up as boss because Paul had an accident  with a biscuit. But her and Tom are in a panic after finding a note in Paul's diary that said 'Socrates, IPC, final'. Could it mean bad news for Tip Top Trading? Let's find out.

It's very odd and it can't be good. But 'Socrates' must mean Mr Socrates. Yes, but IPC what's that mean? 

Yeah, final sounds very final. Hmm, I've got it! IPC - it must be code for imminent  post closures, they're going to sack us all!

Sshh, keep your voice down, don't tell everyone. Let's check things out first, don't say anything yet OK? 

Ok, **mum's the word**.

Your mum knows? No no no, it's our little secret, see you later.

Everything OK Tom? Oh yeah, everything is cool. 

Actually Denise it is not. I think we are all going to be sacked tomorrow by Mr Scorates.

What? No, I've got a hairdresser's appointment on Saturday, how am I going to pay for it now? what am I going to do? I know, I'll call Marge.

Hey Brain, Pete... We are all going to be sacked tomorrow. 

> Anna you've got a problem **brewing**! What? Tom is spreading rumours aboout job cuts. Everyone starts to panic.
> 
> Oh no, I'd better do something but what shall I say?
> 
> Call a meeting quickly. Tell the team:
> 
> * There are some rumours going around that are not true.
> 
> * I am trying to establish the facts and I'll let you know as soon as I have some information. 
> 
> * I would be grateful if you hear any rumours, not to pass them on. 
> 
> This could be a **tricky** situation and you need to handle it well.  Good luck.
> 
> Gosh, this is hard but here goes. 

Excuse me, could everyone gather around please. Is this about the sackings?

No Denise.

Any rumours about sackings are not true.

Yeah that is right, who told you that Denise?

Please don't listen to rumours. 

I am trying to esablish the facts, and if I get any information, I'll let you know straight away. 

But I heard Mr Socrates is coming tomorrow, surely he is going to sack us. 

Ignore the rumours, and please don't pass them on. 

> Anna, tell them just carry on with their work as normal.

Could you please just carry on with your work as normal, thank you.

So Anna, how are you going to find out the facts?

I'm going to have to call Paul, in private Tom, I don't want any more rumours, getting out. 

Oh yeah, absolutely, You need to establish the facts right?

Hello Paul speaking. 

Oh hi Paul it is Anna, Sorry to bother you, are you feeling better?

Much better thanks but keeping clear of biscuits for a while! Anyway is everything OK?

Not exactly, there are rumours spreading about job cuts. Tom saw a note in your diary for tomorrow that said: Socrates, IPC.

Hmm, really? Oh yes. I mean, oh no! 

It is not job cuts - it is IPC, the International Plastic conference tomorrow. And Mr Socrates is flying in for it. Oh golly gosh! I'd forgotten about that.

I see, and why did you write final?

Because there is an award being given for the Best Plastic Innovation - and **we are in the final** with our Imperial Lemon. It was a reminder to me to write an acceptance speech. Oh golly gosh, I have not written a thing. 

Oh dear, what are we going to do? 

> What are you going to do indeed. But thank godness those rumours about jub cuts are not true. 
> 
> Tomorrow could actually be a good day for Tip Top Trading. Here's a reminder of the phrases Anna used to try and control the spread of some office rumours:
> 
> * There are some rumours going around that are not true. 
> 
> * Please don't listen to rumours.
> 
> * I am trying to esablish the facts, and if I get any information, I'll let you know straight away. 
> 
> * Ignore the rumours and don't pass them on.
> 
> * Please just carry on with your work as normal.
> 
> Tomorrow is going to be an important day at the International Plastic Conference. Mr Socrates will be there and Tip Top Trading could **pick up** a **prestigious** prize but who is going to write the acceptance speech? 

Ok Anna, this **calls for** some urgent action. I want you and Tom to meet me at the Princess Diana Conference Centre tomorrow at 9.00. 

Right, and what about the speech? 

Well I've got quite a lot on my plate so I was wondering if you could give it a go...please?

Me? I've never done it before. What am I going to say? 

> Don't worry Anna, we are here to help. Join us again soon for some more English at Work. Bye!

mum's the word: 别声张,不要 泄密.

we are in the final: 我们进入决赛了

call for: 需要
