## Face to face - Language to use when networking

> Welcome back to English at Work. It is the big day of International Plastic Conference and a good opportunity for the staff at Tip Top Trading to promote its business.
> 
> But hold on, who is this? It's Mr Socrates, the big boss from America.

Hey you guys, where have you been? 

Err Mr Socrates, Nice to see you again, I had heard you were in town.

Hello Mr Socrates.

I've been looking for you everywhere. I need to catch up with you and see how business is going. 

Oh very, very well. We are selling Imperial Lemon to France and Anna is developing plastic vegetables. 

Ah Anna, my favourite girl, still doing a good job? I am doing my best.

In fact she has been doing my job for a few days, had a bit of biscuit accident.

Yeah, well that is not hard for you Paul, listen listen, I need to talk to you. Shouldn't the others be doing some networking now?

Of course, that's why we are here. Right, Tom I need you to catch up with some of our existing customers  - do some **schmoozing**. And Anna, could you talk to some potential new customers? I need to talk to Mr Socrates.

Right, err, networking, what excatly am I supposed to do?

> Networking is about helping your business through connecting with other people in the industry. It involves meeting people and talking to them, sharing information, hopefully helping each other and **ultimately**, getting new business. 
> 
> So I have to talk to strangers?
> 
> Well yes, introduce yourself and say who you work for, ask them about their business and what they do, then explain a bit about what you do and who uses your products. If it is **appropriate**, say that you maybe able to help them. Then see if they would consider buying from you, just be chatty and friendly. 
> 
> Thanks I'll give it a try.

Excuse hello I am Anna, I work as a sales Executive at Tip Top Trading, and you are?

Jane, Jane from Nice'n'Cheesy. It is very busy here today, isn't it.

It is, it is my first time here but it is very exciting. I really didn't know what to wear.

> Anna, that is chatty and friendly but let's get down to business.

Oh yes, of course. So can you tell me about your company, Nice'n'Cheesy.

Well, we sell cheese to London's top cheese shops - we like to say we are a wedge above the rest - a wedge of cheese, get it?

Err, right, well, can I briefly tell you about what our company does? Our company, Tip Top Trading, makes plastic fruits mainly for the catering and food industry. **We are up for an award today** for one of our designs. 

Smashing, that is quite interesting actually. We have an issue with the fresh grapes we provided with our cheeses, they keep going **mouldy**.

Oh dear!

Yes - **sour** grapes you could say. A good quality plastic grape would be useful to put with our cheese displays. Well I think we might be able to help you.

> Yes you can. This is the time to exchange contact details - give her your business card. 

Well if I could have your contact details, I'll send you one of our **brochures**, and then give you a call about prices. And here is my business card shoud you want to call me.

That is fantastic, so nice to have met you and I think what you are wearing for the conference is perfect. 

Thanks.

> Bingo, looks like Anna has a potential new customer, she was friendly but chatty, but kept her mind on business. She uses phrases like this:
> 
> * Excuse me, hello I am Anna, I work as a sales Executive at Tip Top Trading. 
> 
> * Can you tell me about your company?
> 
> * Can I brieflyy tell you about what our company does?
> 
> * I think we might be able to help you.
> 
> * Here is my business card should you want to call.

> So some good work by Anna, some there is more networking to be done. A conference is a good place for networking and for catching up with your boss too. Let's find out how Paul is getting on with Mr Socrates.

It is a tough economic climate Paul, we are already cutting out cookies in management meetings.

Oh gosh.

And now we are cutting staff. We've already lost Rachel - my favourite Sales Executive.

Oh yes, she was stealing the pens.

Pens can be replaced but not peope like her. 

Well, but now it is time to reduce your team Paul, share the pain.

Are you sure?

Absolutely. By  my calculations you need to **be rid of** one member of staff.

Well let's not tell the team untill we've had the **awards ceremony**.

Ok Paul but it is in your hands to sort this out.

**Crumbs**!

> Ah yes, Tip Top Trading could be about to win a prestigious award but how would this bad news to go down with the team. And what is Paul going to do?
> 
> Find out next time in English at Work,  

schmoozing: 闲谈

appropriate: a. 适当的,合适的,恰当的.

ultimately:  adv. 最后,最终,根本,基本上

catch up with: 追上,赶上

We are up for an award today: 我们今天要去领奖.

mouldy: 发霉的

sour: a. 酸的,馊的,恶臭的

brochure: 小册子

be rid of: 摆脱,甩掉,除掉

awards ceremony: 颁奖典礼

crumbs: 哎呀,天哪


