## Award winning - Language to use in acceptance speech

> Welcome back to English at Work. Paul Anna and Tom are at an important  international plastic conference. It has been a busy day of networking but the big boss from America, Mr Socrates, has told Paul some bad news. 
> 
> Before he tells the team, there is an important award to be won, the plastic Innovation of the year award.Will Tip Top Trading win it?
> 
> I hope you've written your acceptance speech Anna.
> 
> Yes, I am just doing it now.
> 
> You've left it a bit late. I've been so busy and now I am really struggling. I don't know what to write.
> 
> Well don't forget to say:
> 
> * On behalf of everyone at Tip Top Trading, thank you for our award.
> 
> * Our company is at the **forefront** of plastic innovation.
> 
> * This award is a real **boost** for the everyone working at the company.
> 
> Say that, and you will be fine.
> 
> ... Working at the company, Good got it, thanks.

Oh hi Tom, how have you get on?

Great, great, I have been **hanging out with** some of our clients - **keeping them sweet**, you know what I mean?

Err, I don't actually know. But I've had some success. Oh here comes Paul. Hi Paul.

Oh hello, Having a good day. 

Yes, we just talking about our success. let's hope we win that Plastic Innovation of the year award, eh?

Oh yes, let's hope so. Although that means I've got to read out that speech you wrote for me. Public speaking is not really one of my things.

Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats for our special awards ceremony.

Ok, here is you speech Paul.

**We've got to win first**.

Thank you everyone for attending this year's conference. As you know, the highlight of the day is announcing the winner of our plastic innovation award.

So without further ado, let's find out who this year's winner is. It is... Tip Top Trading for their Imperial Lemon.

Hey, that is us. We've actually won.

Oh Crumbs, I suppose I'd better do my speech now. 

Yeah, Paul go on, you can do it now. 

OK, right. Whooah, ouch.

Oh no, Paul has **tripped over** that chair.

Is there anyone from Tip Top Trading here?

Anna, you'll have to do the speech, you did write it after all. 

What me? I can't.

Go on, you will be fine and besides I am not good at public speaking. 

> Yes you can do it Anna, just start by saying:
> 
> * Ladies and gentlemen.
> 
> Oh if I have to. 

Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of everyone at Tip Top Trading, thank you for our award. Our company is at the forefront of plastic innovation. 

Yeah!

Erm... thanks Tom. This award is a real boost for everyone working at the company. We pride ourselfves on innovation, quality, and plastic fruits. And coming soon, we will be launching a new plastic aubergine. 

Ow, my big toe!

So thanks you everyone, this really means a lot.

Brilliant Anna. 

Yes **splendid**, well done Anna. 

> Well done indeed. Anna saved the day again by making that speech. She sounded confident and **genuinely** happy about getting the award. 
> 
> Here is a reminder of some of the thing she said:
> 
> * Ladies and gentlmen, on behalf on everyone at Tip Top Trading, thank you for our award. 
> 
> * Our company is at the forefront of plastic innovation.
> 
> * This award is a real boost for everyone working at the company. 
> 
> * This award really means lot to us. 

Are you ok now Paul? Yes sorry, that was rather unfortunate and a bit embarrasing too. but hold on... what's happening now?

Ladies and gentlemn, before you go, we have one more award to present. We have a special award ''Employee of the year'. This **recognises** someone's achivements and contribution to the plastic industry.

At last, I've been recognised. 

Please welcome Brad Socrates from Tip Top Trading international to award the prize. 

Out the way, where is the Goddamn envelop? Ok right, and the award goes to... Anna from Tip Top Trading.

Me? Go on Anna, you deserve it. Go and make another speech. 

Thank you everyone, this is amazing.

This girl is amazing, in just one year she has **risen** from an **apprentice** to a champion. It is great to have her on board.

I think we should talk about your salary later hey?

> Can things get any better for Anna? I think they can. Join us soon for more English at Work. Bye.

forefront: n. 最前沿, 最重要的位置,最前线

boost: v. 推动,促进. n. 推动, 促进

hanging out with: 和...在一起

keeping them sweet: 

We've got to win first: 我们必须先赢得胜利

trip over: 被...绊倒

splendid: a. 杰出的

genuinely: adv. 真诚的, 诚实的, 真心的

risen: 升起的, v.上升

apprentice: n. 学徒, 徒弟
