## Reality Bites - Language used in making someone redundant

Morning everyone, how did you get on the conference?

Hi Denise, yeah, it was... OK. What do you mean OK? It was great, we made some new contacts and we won an award, best plastic innovation of the year, for our Imperial Lemon. 

Oh that is wonderful, wish I'd been there.

Maybe next year eh?

> Maybe? Welcome back to the offices of Tip Top Trading where everyone is catching up on yesterday's good news. 
> 
> But today it is bad news that everyone is going to hear following Paul's chat with the big boss, Mr Socrates. But how bad is it? Let's find out. 

Morning everyone. Hi Paul, everything OK?

Yes fine, well done for winning the employee of the year, I hope you can continue to be a great employee. Excuse me.

Hmm, he sounded odd. What did he mean?

Probably just run out of biscuits. He's obviously got something on his mind. 

Denise, could I have a word with in my office please. 

Of course, I'll bring my notepad and pen shall I?

What's that all about? Anyway, no we are alone, I wanted to see what you're doing tonight, are you free? 

Sorry Tom, I am seeing Dave tonight, He's offered to fix something on my computer at home. 

Oh, **has he now?** 

All the years I've worked here, why me? why now?

Denise, what's up?

Paul says he need to **move the furniture around** and he has to let me go. He says he can't **afford** me anymore. 

That is terrible... but where is he letting you go to? And what furniture is he moving? 

> No Anna, if someone says they are moving the furniture, they really mean they are **restructuring** or changing the business.
> 
> And if they say they have to let you go, it means they are sacking you or in another word, ending you job. 
> 
> Sacking you? oh that is serious.

Denise, I am really sorry to hear this. But what does Paul want to 'Move the furniture around'? 

He says it's because of the tough economic situation. my role is no longer needed. 

Hey that is not true. You make a great cup of tea Denise. I've got a good mind to smash Paul's **bourbons** into tiny **crumbs**. Grrr.

Calm down Tom. Now Denise, when did Paul say you have to go? 

He's given me seven days notice. 

> A notice period is a mount of time an employer must give an employee if they plant to terminate their employment.

I never thought I would be facing **redundancy**. not now, not at my age. 

> Redundancy? if someone says they are facing redundancy, it is another way of  saying they are losing their job. Hmm I think Denise needs a shoulder to cry on.
> 
> Yes.

Denise, do you want my shoulder to cry on? Oh thanks.

Urgh Denise, I've just made some tea would you like a cup.

Oh yes please.

Here you go. You know Denise, you've got to think positively. You'll get another job... and let's face it you didn't like working here anyway... You always looked so miserable.

> **I don't think Tom's attempts to cheer Denise up are going to work.**
> 
> Losing your job can be a traumatic experience. It can come as a surprise and a shock.
> 
> Let's hear the phrases Paul used to break the news to Denise:
> 
> * We've got to move the furniture around.
> 
> * I am afraid I've got to let you go.
> 
> * I am giving you seven days' notice.
> 
> And here are some other expressions you may hear **in connection with** losing your job:
> 
> * facing redundancy
> 
> * Getting the sack?
> 
> * Ternimating your employment.
> 
> * leaving the company.

Right, well I might as well start clearing out my desk.

Yeah, it is a real shame. Any chance I could have your **stapler**? 

Tom, you could be a bit more **sympathetic**.

Oh right. Oh Tom, Anna, could I have a word in my office please. 

Oh no, this is it. It is my turn to get the **`**! 

Ha, you might not need my stapler after all! 

> **Crikey**, things aren't looking good at Tip Top Trading. Are Tom and Anna are getting the chop... I mean the sack? Join us again next time on English at Work.

restructure: v. 重组,改组,调整结构.

has he now?: 这里可以翻译成: *是吗*

redundancy: n. 裁员, 剩余,过剩,解雇

attempt: n\. 尝试,企图.

cheer someone up: 让某人振作起来

in connection with: 关于

stapler: 订书机

sympathetic: adj. 同情的, 表达同情的.

crikey: 哎呀
