## Taking shape - Language used to conveying your ideas to others

> Hello again and welcome to English at Work. It is another day at Tip Top Trading and hopefully a happier one, following Denise's bad news about her job, I wonder if Tom and Anna are about to get the same bad news.

It is really **awful** having to let member of your staff go but that is the situation we are in I am afraid. 

Now you are going to letting us go aren't you? 

Honestly Paul, I have given my life to this company and quite frankly, I am disappointed, no I am angry at your decision. See you biscuits, well.

That's what I think of Tip Top Trading. 

What? Hold on Tom, I think you are a bit of confused. I am sacking you too. I need to talk to you about plastic vegetables, you know, the aubergine idea?

Oh, I see, you are not sacking us. Sorry Paul, I'll but you some more biscuits. So what was it that you had to say? 

Plastic vegetables, yours and Anna's idea for a plastic aubergine, I like it. It is good. So I need you to develop a prototype we can use to show our potential clients.

Well that's great. So where do we get the prototype made?

Upstairs on the 4th floor, we have a great development team who can **magic up** some amazing designs. They are magicians?

No Anna, they are just developers who make things out of plastic. 

Thank you Tom, why not go and have a chat to them now to **get the ball rolling**. 

But we are not making balls. Come on Anna, I'll explain.See you Paul.

> To get the ball rolling - he means to get the project moving along. Developers can design and make models of your product which you can show and develop. But you need give them clear and **specific** **instructions**. 
> 
> Let's see how Anna gets on?

So this is the development team. Alright George, you **up for footie** on Sunday? Great. Have you met Anna before?

Hello. We've come to talk vegetables. 

Try the **greengrocers**!

Haha very funny,Yeah no we need to talk plastic aubergine-making, mate. It is our new big idea. 

Easy, we can just remould the design for the Imperial Lemon.

> Can they Anna? Is that whay you wanted? To get what you want, you need to explain exactly your requirements. 
> 
> But what shall I say?
> 
> Tell them exactly what you are thinking, by saying:
> 
> * I have a specific idea in mind.
> 
> * I am interested in hearing your thoughts on how improve my ideas.
> 
> * I'd like to use your design skills to product a fantastic product. 
> 
> I see, ok, time for me to take control.

George, this is quite a special project for us, isn't it Tom. 

Oh yeah, tight, absolutely. 

So we want to get it right and I already have a specific idea in mind.

Oh great sure, tell me more. 

Well, based on the real aubergine, I was hoping it could be 20 **centimetres** in length, using grade 1 plastic **resin**, with a black-purple colour and a 30 degree curve on that side. **Does that make sense**?

Erm yeah, quite clear. 

Obviously you are a designer, so I am interested in hearing your thoughts on how to improve idea.

Well it looks very impressive already. Gosh Tom, where did you her from. 

He didn't get me from anywhere. Now, I'd like to use your design skill to develop a fantastic product, that I can show eveeryone, OK?

Err yes, I'll get onto it straight away.

> Excellent Anna. Sometimes it is important to take control and say wha your really want, but in positive and encouraging way. There are phrases that Anna used:
> 
> * I have a secific idea in mind.
> 
> * I am interested in hearing your thoughts on how to improve my ideas.
> 
> * I'd like to use your design skills to produce a fantastic product.
> 
> There is one more phrase to use to make sure things go to plan if someone is making something for you. That is:
> 
> * I need to sign off your design before they go into production.
> 
> That means approve the plans before anything is made. Off you go Anna...

So when will you have the designs ready then?

Hopefully by tomorrow morning, is that OK?

That would be great. But I will need to sign off your designs before they go into production. That way, there won't be any mistakes - will there?

Crikey Tom, she is a bit bossy.

No! She is a **pussy** cat really... a bit of **softy**. 

No come on Tom, fetch my things, we need to go and sort out a leaving present for Denise.  

Oh yeah right of course. See you George. 

> Hmm I think Tom is the pussy cat! Let's hope the designs come out well.
> 
> But even more important is Denise's last day at work tomorrow, how is everyone going to cope? Find out next time on English at Work. Bye.

awful: adj. 糟糕的,令人不快的

magic up: 神奇起来

instructions: n. 指示, 指令, 使用说明.

up for: 正待；被考虑；

footie:  足球运动

greengrocers: n. 蔬菜水果零售商

centimetre: 厘米

resin: n. 树脂, 松脂, 合成树脂

Does that make sense: 这样说有意义吗? 

pussy: n. 怯懦的、女子气的

softy: n. 心肠软的人；意志薄弱的人；多愁善感的人
