## So long Denise - Language used for giving career advice

> Hello again, it is a difficult day at the offices of Tip Top Trading. The office assistnt Denise is losing her job, and today is her last day. Anna is busy with her work and trying to get everyone sign Denise's leaving card.

Paul, have signed Denise's leaving card yet? No, not yet, have you got a pen?

Sorry to see you go, **best foot forward**. Paul. There, I feel a bit guilty, it was me to get rid of her. Yeah. Well, you should feel bad, I can't believe you are getting rid of her. 

Tom, do you want to sign the card? Yes of course. You are the best employee we've ever had, so sad to see you go, kiss, kiss, kiss, Tom. 

Gosh, three kisses. Hmm, you haven't given me any money for her leaving present yet, have you? 

Yeah, sorry, a bit of cash flow problem... here, have a **pound**. 

That is generous.

Oh crumbs, she is crying again. Anna could you deal with her? I've got something important to do. Oh yeah, me too.

Denise, are you OK? Are you upset about leaving?

Yes, I've loved working here. I've made some good friends, like you Anna, oh, and being able to make free phone calls has been good. 

What am I going to do now?

> Oh dear Anna, it sounds like Denise needs some career advice. 
> 
> Career advice?
> 
> She needs some **guidance** on what to do next, and where to find another job, what would you do in her situation?
> 
> * Look in the news paper, ring my contacts, register with a job agency?
> 
> Exactly, I am sure that you can give her some good advice. Go on, **give it a go**.
> 
> OK, I'll try.

Cheer up Denise, you need to think positively. 

Do I? I am unemployed from tomorrow. How am I ever going to find another job? 

Well, have you tried looking in the job section on the newspaper?

No. It is a good place to start, and there are loads of job finding websites you could sign up for. I don't have a computer. 

Well, what about ringing some of the people you know, contacts who may know about a job?

Hmm, I haven't thought about that.

And of course, you could register with the **recruitment agency**. They are good at finding jobs for you. 

Oh, that is a good idea Anna, you are brilliant! what great ideas... you are so kind and **thoughtful**.

Anna, could you... oh no she is crying again...

Oh no... shall we go back into your office Paul? 

No, no, it's OK. Denise is crying with happiness. She is feeling better now.

Oh, **in that case**, should we all gather around and officially say goodbye to Denise. 

> It is an emothonal day for Denise, but Anna has been really useful with her career advice. If a professional career advice is not avaliable, giving some of your own advice can sometimes be useful. let's hear again what Anna suggested...
> 
> * You need to think positively.
> 
> * Try looking in the job section of the news paper.
> 
> * There are loads of job-finding wesites you could sign up for.
> 
> * What about ringing some of the people you know.
> 
> * You could register with a recuitment agency.

Ok everyone, the time has come to say farewell to Denise, it is with regret that we've let her go. 

We? you, Paul. 

Thank you for all your hard work, we wish you very well in the future.

Anna, I think we have a gift for Denise? 

There you go Denise, careful, it is quite heavy. 

Oh, what a beautiful fruit **bowl**... and full of plastic fruits.

I'll get it. Hello Tip Top Trading, Tom speaking. 

Sorry about that everyone, that was a company called Nice'n'Cheesy. They remember you Anna, they liked your sales pitch and want to order a hundred southand plastic grapes to go with their cheeses!

What?Brilliant!

My new fruit bowl!

> Oh, dear, Poor Denise. It looks like she might be leaving the company at just the wrong time. I wonder if she'll be back? You'll have to join us again for the next episode of English at Work. Bye!

best foot forward: 展示最好的一面.

pound: 英镑

guidance: n. 指导；指引；导向；制导

give it a go: 尝试一下.

recruitment agency: 猎头

thoughtful: n. 体贴的；考虑周到的；关心别人的；经缜密思考的；注意的

in that case: 那样的话

bowl: n. 碗, 钵


