## Help! We need somebody - Language to use when taking a telephone message

Has anyone seen my stapler? I can't find any pens. Oh here it is. Will someone answer that phone?

> Hello again and welcome back to English at Work. The offices of Tip Top Trading have become chaotic since Denise left and just at a time when things are getting busy. 
> 
> How is everyone going to cope? Let's find out.

Hello, yes it is, we're very bust at the moment so call back later. Bye. 

That was a bit rude Tom. Well we're too busy to be nice.

> Not a good attitude Tom, even when you are busy at work, it is important to be polite on the phone. It could be a potential customer. 
> 
> Anna, I think you are going to have to remind Tom about this.
> 
> Yes, I think so.
> 
> If things are busy at office you could say to someone on the phone:
> 
> * We're a bit busy at the moment, could I take your name and number and we will call you back?
> 
> * When would be a convenient time to call you?
> 
> Or if the caller wants to speak to someone specific, you could say:
> 
> * Could I take a message please and I'll make sure he or she will call you back. 
> 
> That is useful! Oh there goes the phone again.

Anna, could you get that please? I've got a **mouthful** of biscuit. Thanks.

Sure Paul. 

Hello Tip Top Trading, yeah, that is right, but things are a bit busy at the moment, could I take your name and number, and I'll call you as soon as I can. Hold on, has anyone got a pen? 

I think we've run out. Denise usually orders them. Hey, use my **souvenir** pen I bought in Italy, you see it changes colour if you hold up to the line. 

Oh no, there is no paper to write it on. 

Oh hey write it on my hand. OK, hold still. 7490568, thanks for your patience, when is a good time to call you back? ok, 3 o'clock. I'll call you then, goodbye.

Sounds important? Possibly. Oh not again!

Hello Tip Top Trading Anna speaking! I see, well he doesn't seem to be here at the moment, can I take a message and I'll get him to call you back? Tom, I need your other  hand to write in on... keep still. 

Ok, what is the message? Yes... call bob about the Lemons on 809524 ok I'll pass that on. Thanks, Bye.

Godness, It has been crazy here since Denise left. Look we've even run out of teabags. I'll go and get some, shall I. 

Hold on Tom, Has that invoice for Tutti Fruit been sent out yet? I don't know, Denise usally sends out the **paperwork**. I wish Denise was here. 

> **So do we all**. It sounds chaoes in the office but however **hectic** things can get, remember to remain professional when answering the phone. 
> 
> Here is a reminder of some of phrases you could use:
> 
> * We are a bit busy at the moment could I take your name and number and we will call you back.
> 
> * When would be a convenient time to call you back? 
> 
> * Could I take a message please and I'll make sure that he or she calls you back.

Ah there you are Tom, **you've been a long time**. I need to give Paul that important message I wrote on your hand. 

Ah yeah, it is a bit **tricky**. You see, I went to the toilet and then well I washed my hands.

Oh no, you've washed the message off. What are we going to do now?

I'll get that, shall I? We cann't carry on like this. 

> No you can't. Has Anna lost the numbers of two potential clients? Can the company carry on like this? It certainly looks like it could do with another pair of hands. 
> 
> What will happen next? Join us again next time for English at Work. Bye!

mouthful: n. 满口, 一口.

souvenir: 纪念品

paperwork: n. 文书工作, 文案工作.

you've been a long time: 你已经

tricky: adj. 需细心和技巧的；难对付的；诡计多端的；欺骗的；灵巧的；熟练的; 棘手的.
