## Eating  humble pie - Language for justify your position

> Welcome back to the chaotic office of Tip Top Trading, now Denise's left the company, the place is a mess and important phone message are being lost. 
> 
> What can be done to make things better? I think we know the answer.

Hi, did anyone take a message for me while I was out? I am expecting an important call.

Err... no!

Actually yes Paul, I wrote it on Tom's hand but he washed it off. 

Look, good **hygiene** is very important to me.

Hmm that is not very good is it?  What's wrong with writing on a piece of paper? 

We've just run out of paper and pens. Everything, really. Nobody's ordered any **stationery** or tidied up the office.

It's since Denise left.

Yes, maybe I was a bit **hasty** getting ride of her. It was really just to save money. 

Yeah but look if we can't take messages from possible clients we are going to lose even more money. 

Yes **I suppose you have a point.** Maybe I will to have **reinstate** her.

You mean get her back?

> Yes Anna he does. Another way of saying reinstate is he's got to **reverse** his decision. It means Paul has got to make an **awkward** call to Denise. 

Look Paul you are going to have to call her and tell her you've made an error, a huge one actually.

It wasn't that huge? Actually Anna you are her good friend, would you like to call her?

Me? but I can't.

> What a coward! I think it is time to stand your ground. Tell him:
> 
> * You are the boss, I think it is better coming from you.
> 
> and remind him:
> 
> * It was you decision, so you need to explain the situation. 
> 
> and remind him:
> 
> * this is your responsibility.
> 
> you could suggest he says:
> 
> * I am sorry, I've made a mistake, we would love to have you back. 
> 
> OK.

Do you knwo what Paul, I think the news is better coming from you, just make it official.

Yeah Paul, you are the boss after all. 

And it was your decision in the first place so you need to explain that the situation has changed. 

Well maybe you are right but I can't tell her I am wrong, can I? 

Look, just say you are sorry. tell her you made a mistake and I would love to have you back, we all would. 

Yes you are right, I should do it. I'll just have a quick biscuit. Here goes.

Hello, it is me Paul, your boss, your ex-boss from Tip Top Trading. 

Oh.

How are you getting on? Well.

Good good, Actually I've been rethinking our **staffing** situation in the office. 

Yes? 

And...Well... I'm sorry Denise I miscalculated our staffing numbers. 

You mean you made a mistake? 

Well I suppose so. So I would love to have you back in the office as soon as possible. What do you say?

Hmm, let me think about it. 

> What will Denise decide? It is a hard phone call for Paul to make but not one Anna should have made as it wasn't her mistake. 
> 
> She stood her ground with Paul and used the following phrases:
> 
> * You're the boss and I think the news is better coming from you.
> 
> * It was your decision in the first place so you need to explain that the situation has changed. 
> 
> * This is your responsibility.
> 
> And here is a reminder of phrases Paul used to try and apologise:
> 
> * I've been rethinking our staffing situation in the office.
> 
> * Sorry I made a mistake I miscalculated my staffing numbers.
> 
> * I would love to have you back in the office.

Hmm well OK then, I'll start back tomorrow.

Oh wonderful, I am so pleased. We'll get your old chair back in position.

Actually Paul, if you want me back, I'll need a new chair, and a new phone. Ok Denise, see you tomorrow. 

And a pay rise. 

So, is she coming back then? Yes first thing tomorrow. 

That's good, because we've just had a call from Nice'n'Cheesy...

They said nobody returned their call yesterday and if we don't contact them, by the end of tomorrow, they will go somewhere else for their plastic grapes. 

Right, we must act, act fast.

> Let's hope they don't lose their contract. At least with Denise returning to work, things will be a little more organised but for how long?  Join us on English at Work. Bye!

hygiene: n. 卫生,保健.

stationery: n. 文具

hasty: adj.匆忙的；仓促的；草率的；易怒的

I suppose you have a point: 我想你说的有道理

reinstate: v.使…恢复原职；使…恢复原状

awkward: adj. 困难的；棘手的；尴尬的

staffing: n. 人员配备

eating humble pie: 忍气吞声

justify: v. 说明或证明正确或合理; 辩护; 有充分理由
