## To show you the ropes - Language for telling someone what to do

Quick, gather round, here she comes. 

Yeah, Welcome back Denise, we just couldn't survive without you. 

Oh bless you.

> Yes, welcome back to Tip Top Trading Denise. Paul, the boss was a little hasty in getting ride of her, so now he has asked her back, but negotiated some conditons witch include learning how to be a sales executive, like Anna. But who is going to show her what to do.

Oh hello Denise, nice to have you back. I suppose I had to eat my words, didn't I...

Yes well, It makes a change with biscuits! Now, where have you put my stapler and red pens? 

Don't worry about that, I've got you a new stapler and a new desk, right here, next to Anna. 

Oh lovely.

Well you wanted some experience in sales, so I thought Anna could show you the ropes. 

Ropes? I don't have any ropes.

> Anna, if you *show anyone the ropes* it means you explain to someone how to do the jobs. You'll be great at that. 
> 
> Oh I see, I might know that to do. But I am not good at explaining it to someone else. 
> 
> Well the best way is start at the beginning. Why not suggest to her to 'watch what I do', or give her some of your tasks and say: 
> 
> * Could you please make a start on this.
> 
> and then **reassure** by saying: 
> 
> * I am here to help, so plesae ask me if you need to know what to do. 
> 
> good luck. 
> 
> Thanks.

So Denise, it is nice to have you back, how is your new desk?

Much bigger than my old one, and look, it goes up and down.

Yes it does. Shall we make a start then and I'll show you the ropes. 

Oh yes Anna of course Anna. Do I need to use the phone? 

I **reckon** you are quite experienced with the phone already Denise. Thank you Tom, we won't make any calls yet, just watch what I do for a while. Look, I am just checking our database, to see who we haven't called for a while. 

Oh yes. I am just checking the dates here. In fact Denise... Why don't you make a start on this.

Of course. Oh look, my phone is ringing. 

Are you going to answer it then?

Oh right. Hello Tip Top Trading, Denise speaking. oh hello Marge! It is Marge Anna. 

Oh right, I'll leave you to it. I am here to help, so please ask me if you need to know what to do. 

Ok Anna, it won't be long. So Marge, how did it go the other night. Really...Well I am sitting on my new desk. 

Nice to have her back hey? **Some sales Exec she is going to be**. 

> **Everyone has to start somewhere** Tom! Now Anna is helping or coaching - Denise, I am sure she will become an excellent worker, 
> 
> Here are some of the phrases Anna used to help her:
> 
> * Let me show you the ropes.
> 
> * Watch what I do for a while.
> 
> * Why don't you make a start on this.
> 
> * I am here to help, so please ask me if you need to know what to do.
> 
> Let's find out how Denise is getting on? 

So I said to him, it is not just my colour, yes exactly, hold on Marge, everyone is looking at me. I'd better call you back. Yes, tonight, bye.

You've certanily got a good phone manner. Do you think you could order some pens now, we've run out. 

That is not my responsibility anymore. 

Err I think it is. Isn't...

You two please. 

Well she's got time for personal calls but not to order pens. 

Hold on, Oh hi Jim, yeah, how is things? Did you catch the match last night? What a goal! 

> Oh dear Anna, things aren't going well, It's time to sort things out again. but what are you going to do? Join us next time to find out. Bye!

some sales executive she is going to be.

everyone has to start somewhere.

reassure: v. 安慰, 使放心, 使消除疑虑.
