## A room with a view - Language for booking a venue

> Hello again and welcome to English at Work. The team at Tip Top Trading has lots to do, but now Anna has discovered she has to organised a launch party for the new plastic aubergine.
> 
> It is taking place at the end of the week, and nobody has organised a venue yet,   I think Anna is going to needs some help.

So Anna, I am sorry Tom didn't tell you but do you think you can turn something round by Friday?

I'll try, but what do I need to do?

Oh not much, book a room somewhere, send out some invites, arrange some food, and drink, that sort of thing.

That is all?

You can do it, you are great at this kind of thing, and get the team for help.

Well I'll give it a go. see you later.

Thanks Anna, and don't forget to order some of those posh Belgian chocolate biscuits, they always go down well with the clients. 

> Oh dear Anna, it looks like you have your work cut out. 
> 
> Cut out?
> 
> I mean you have a difficult job to do, but as Paul says, you can do it. 
> 
> Thanks. 

Are you OK Anna? you look a bit worried.

I am, you forgot to tell me about the product launch party on Friday and now Paul wants me to organise it.

Did I, oh sorry. If I can help in any way, just let me know.

Well, you could book a venue for the launch. 

Ah yeah, just remembered, I've got some Imperial Lemons to send out, maybe later. 

How am I going to find a venue for the launch at such short notice!

> You need to ask for recommendations, search on the internet, or look in the phone directory, and then make a call. 
> 
> You need to say:
> 
> * Could I check availability for your venue please
> 
> Then ask:
> 
> * What business facilities do you have?
> 
> and:
> 
> * How many people can the room or venue hold?
> 
> You could ask:
> 
> * Can you provide hospitality? - That things like food and drink.
> 
> Finally, don't forget to ask:
> 
> * How much does it cost?
> 
> Thanks, there is a lot to ask. 

Hi Denise, I've got to book a venue for our plastic aubergine launch, have you any ideas?

Well, my friend Marge works for a hotel company that has conference facilities, you could give her a call. Look here is her number.

Oh thanks Denise, let's give it a try.

02075692

Hello the Pitz hotel, Margery speaking.

Oh hi, this is Anna from Tip Top Trading, I am a friend of Denise's.

Oh Hi Anna, I've heard all about you. What are you ringing for?

I need to check availability for your venue for a product launch we're doing.

Well, right, I am sure I can help. We do have a conference room, when is it for?

This Friday.

Friday, this Friday, well, that is a bit tricky: the room is being decorated at the moment.

But we do have a smaller room that you could use - it's got a lovely view of car park.

I see, and how many people does it hold? 

You could easily squeeze in about 20 people. 

20 people. I guess it will have to do. Do you have any business facilities - somewhere to plugin the laptop, projecter, wi-fi, that sort of thing.

Oh yes, yes, we are very hi-tech. We even have a fax machine.

And can you provide hospitality too? 

Of course! we do have a 'business platter' consisting of orange juice, sandwiches, that really means cheese and pineapple on sticks.

I wonder, can you also provide Belgian chocolate biscuits?

Oh I am sure we can.

That is OK. And most importantly, how much does it cost?

 Well, to book the room for 2 hours usually costs 1000 pounds. **The hospitality is a bit extra** but as you are a friend of Denise, I'll throw it in for nothing. 

You will throw the food and drink in? Won't that get **messy**? 

No I mean we can provide it for free. Just don't tell anyone, otherwise everyone will expect it! 

Well, that is fantastic Marge, if you can send us an invoice, we will sort payment out as soon as possible. 

Bye Anna, and tell Denise I will see her for our Zumba class tomorrow. 

> Anna has saved the day again, the launch party for plastic aubergine can now go ahead. If you are trying to book a venue for a business meeting or product launch, here are some of the phrases you could use:
> 
> * Could I check availability for your venue please?
> 
> * What business facilities do you have?
> 
> * How many people can the room or venue hold?
> 
> * Can you provide hospitality.
> 
> * How much does it cost.

So Anna, was Marge any help?

Yes! She found me a room and gave me a good deal, we just need to invite our clients now! 

I can do that, I think it is best if I call them - there is no time to post out invitations.

Good idea. 

But I just need give Marge a call first, just to check a few things.

Typical Denise. Nothing is more urgent that talking to Marge. 

> He can talk. If you need something doing it seems like Anna is the woman you need. Find out what else she is capable of in the next episode of English at Work. Bye.
