## The show must go on - Language for presenting a new product

> Welcome back to English at Work, It 's an excting day for Tip Top Trading, It's launching its latest prodcut - the plastic aubergine. The launch is taking place at a **swanky** hotel. Lots of clients have turned up. But there is one important person missing. 

Has anyone seen Anna?  I haven't seen her all morning, Tom, you were with her last night. That was the last night at the pub. She was **drowning** her **sorrows**. 

Drowning her sorrows?

Yeah she saw Dave from IT with another woman - Julie from accounts, actually, she was very upset.

Oh poor Anna. 

So you left her drowning in the pub, and who has got the prototype aubergine to show at the launch. 

Oh no, Anna has. It is in her bag. What are we going to do?

Panic!

No Denise, calm down. I'll just have to make a start I am sure Anna will **turn up**.

OK, here goes.

Excuse me everyone, could you gather round? Our presentation is about to begin. 

I'll change the slide for you on the computer Paul. I am good with technology. 

Okey **dokey**.

Emm, ladies and gantlemen, thank you for coming to our presentation. We have something very exciting to... ermm... show you and it is not a fruit.

And here it is - fresh from the factory, our plastic aubergine.

> Anna, you just in time. 
> 
> I know, I think I drank a bit too much last night and now I can't remember what to say. 
> 
> Well you need to convince everyone that this is the best product on the market and that it is something they really want.
> 
> You could say:
> 
> * We believe this high quality product is something your business needs. 
> 
> and:
> 
> * Our new product has been designed to the highest specifications. 
> 
> and tell people that:
> 
> * This product is the perfect decoration on any cofe or restaurant table. 
> 
> tell them that, and your orders will come flying in!
> 
> What? They'll send them by aeroplane?
> 
> No Anna, just do you presentation and see what happens. 
> 
> OK then.

Yes everyone, this aubergine may look good enough to eat , but it is made of the highest quality plastic, and I am **convinced** it is something your business needs. 

Yes that's right, it is maybe plastic but it is fantastic! 

Thank you Paul, this product has been designed to the hightest specifications. It is **tough** and **durable**. 

Yeah but why would I wanna buy it? 

Cos it is cheap mate!

No Tom, because it is the prefect decoration on any cafe or restaurant table. It shows your serious about food, 

And it doesn't goes **mouldy**. 

Yes we are taking orders today and ...

> Offer them a discount, and guarantee.

Oh right, if you place an order for more than 1000, we can offer you a **generous** discount. plus, all our products come with a **money-back** guarantee.

Oh I like it. 

> Well done, Anna, she gave a clear presentation and sounded enthusiastic about the product, here is a reminder of some of the thing sha said:
> 
> * It is make of the highest plastic and I am convinced it is something your business needs.
> 
> * This product has been designed to the highest specifications. It is tough and durable.
> 
> * It is the perfect decortion on any cafe or restaurant table. 
> 
> * We can offer you a generous discount, plus, all our product come with a money-back guarantee.

Thanks for listening, Tom has a few slides to show, which illustrate how the aubergine has been designed. Tom?

Oh no, it is frozen, the slides won't change. 

It is OK, I can fix it, I am the IT gay after all. 

Dave, what are you doing here? Cheating Anna like that. Here Anna, give me that aubergine. 

There, that is for upsetting Anna. 

Haha, missed me! 

Well, the aubergine certainly tough and durable.

Tom Anna, I think we'd better talk about this back in my office. 

> Crikey, that was certainly a **spectacular** presentation. Let's hope Tom's outburst doesn't stop the orders flying in - but not via the window. 
> 
> Find ou next time on English at Work, bye!



swanky: 奢华的, 帅气的.

sorrow: n. 悲伤, 伤心事.

turn up: 出现

convinced: adj. 确信的；确定的；坚定的

tough: 坚固的 

durable: 耐用的, 经穿的, 

mouldy: 发霉的

money-back: adj. 不满意可退款的；无条件退款的

spectacular: adj. 壮观的；惊人的；庞大的；显眼的


