## Stepping aside - Language related to getting the sack

> Hello again and welcome back to English at Work. Last time we heard the team from Tip Top Trading having a **smashing** time at the launch of its plastic aubergine. Tom threw one at Dave from the IT Department, but it missed him and went through a window! It is time for Paul to **hand out** some **harsh** words.

**That behaviour just isn't on.**

Sorry Paul, but it was quite funny, wasn't it?

No it wasn't.

Sorry Paul, Tom was just angry with Dave. I thought he liked me but we saw him with Julie from accounts.

Really, he seems just **decent chap**, anyway, don't it again, OK? In th meantime, you are going to have to pay for that broken window. 

No, excuse me, I need to take this. Hello Paul Smith speaking. Ah, Mr Socrates, yes, ah, you've heard.

Crikey, come on we'd better go. 

That was a good shot Tom, Looks like it has made an impact on Dave. Look, he's sent Anna some flowers.

Oh there is a note on it. It says 'you can count on me' but no name.

That is a strange thing for him to write.

Hmm, it is, and  it is not his handwriting. 

Well, maybe a secret **admirer** eh? I wonder who it could be.

Are you OK Paul, you look as white as a sheet. 

I am not actually. Mr Socrates says he's having a **strategic review**.

A what?

> He means he has been looking at how the business is operating and how it should operate in the future. 
> 
> That sounds serious.

And as part of his review, he says he wants to downsize and he has asked me to step aside. 

Why? **what are you in the way of**?

> No Anna, To step aside is a polite way of saying to leave your position in the company.
> 
> Oh.

I don't understand Paul. Why?

He says the company needs new direction and more **dynamic leadership**.

**Crumbs, Paul, you cann't get more dynamic than you!**

Paul, but you have been a great boss. 

Thanks Anna, I guess it is the economic climate, we are not making enough money so cutting staff is **inevitable**. 

yeah, but you cut Denise's job. 

Yes but we had to get her back because she was necessary for the smooth running of the department. 

That is right.

But Mr Socrates says I'm **surplus to requirement.**

Oh, that doesn't sounds good, does it.

> If Paul's job is surplus to requirement, it means his input to the business is no longer needed. So it is not good news.

Anyway Anna, Mr Socrates wants to know if you've got his special message?

Special message? the flowers?

That's strange. Why is Mr Socrates sending you flowers?

> It is a bit strange. Anyway, Paul's message has come as a shock to everyone. Here are some of the phrases Mr Socrates used to break the bad news:
> 
> * I've been doing a strategic review of the company.
> 
> * I need to downsize.
> 
> * I need you to step aside. 
> 
> * The company need new direction and more dynamic leadership.
> 
> * You are surplus to requirement.

Right, I am going to have to call Mr Socrates and find out why he's sent me flowers.

Socrates, who want's me.

Hello Mr Socrates it is Anna here.

Anna my favourite girl, call me Brad. So glad you called. 

I need to speak to you about the flowers you sent me. I am very **flattered** but I don't think...

The flowers, sorry honey I haven't sent you any flowers but I have sent you an email - have you read it yet?

No what did it say?

I was saying that as I am giving Paul the **chop**, would you like a promotion. 

A promotion?

Yes. You have been an outstanding member of the team so how would you like to be the new manager of Tip Top Trading's Lundon office. 

> What a fantastic opportuniy and one that Anna surely cann't refuse - or can she?
> 
> And who did send Anna those flowers with a message saying you can count on me? Find out what her answer is in the next English at Work. Bye.

 smashing: 极好的, 很棒的.

hand out: 分发, 散发.

harsh: 严厉的.

That behaviour just isn't on: 那种行为是不合适的.

decent: 正派的, 体面的

chap: 朋友,伙计,小伙子

admirer: 爱慕者

strategic review: 战略评论

in the way of: 妨碍了.

dynamic leadership: 强而有力的领导力.

you can't get more dynamic than you: 没有比你更有活力的人了

dynamic: 动态的；不断变化的；有活力的；

inevitable: 不可避免的.

surplus:  n. 盈余, 过剩

flatter: v. 奉承, 讨好, 对(人)滥用溢美之词.

the chop: 解雇


