## Decision time - Language for offering and accepting promotions

> Hello again and welcome back to the final English at Work. Mr Socrates has sacked Paul from his position as manager of Tip Top Trading and he has offered Anna a promotion - to be the new boss.
> 
> But will she accpet? What's wrong Anna?
> 
> I feel bad about replacing Paul, he has been good to me.
> 
> It is business Anna, **he is just not up to the job.* but you are.
> 
> Thanks, but why me? Can I do the job?  I am not as experienced as Tom. 
> 
> I think we've seen over the last year that you definately have more experienced than Tom, go on, Anna, you can do it.

So Anna, what do you say, will you replace Paul as the new boss of Tip Top Trading? Come on, Anna, **this promotion recognises your archivements at the company**. It is an opportunity of **lifetime**.

I know. 

You'll be my right-hand man. 

> I think he means right-hand woman. It means you'd be his most trusted and invaluable assistant.
> 
> I see. 
> 
> Anna, if you need time to think, you could say:
> 
> * Thank you for your kind words. Could I have time to **consider** your offer.

Erm, Mr Socrates, this news has come as a bit of a shock, thank you for your kind words but please could I have some time to consider your offer.

Oh OK Anna, but please don't leave it to long. I have a habit of changing my mind. 

OK Mr Socrates, I mean Brad, I'll call you back soon, bye. 

Oh... has Mr S offered you Paul's job **by any chance**?

Yes, and you said you'd think about it?

Yes, I am not sure if I can take on that much responsibility. 

**It is easy peasy.** I could do it standing on my head. 

But it is not offering you the job Tom.

Please don't mention this to Paul,  not yet, he is very upset. I know nothing.

You know nothing about what?

I mean, I'll remian **tight lipped.** I won't say a word, until **it is all official like**, you can count on me.

You can count on me... that was the message with that bunch of flowers someone sent me, it was you wasn't it?

I suppose it was me Anna, I couldn't help it. I love you Anna. 

Do you kown Tom, I quite like you too, I think you are sweet, now come on and give me a kiss. 

Oh crumbs, shall I come back later?

No it is OK Paul,  we are just getting to know each other better, in fact, Anna, I'd like to ask you something.

Oh why is Tom getting down on one knee? 

I expect he's dropped one of his **contact lenses**. 

No it is not that. Anna, I'd like to ask you something, err... will you marry me?

What?

> Crikey, what a **dilemma**. Now Anna has got two important questions to answer. 
> 
> Will she take the job as Tip Top Trading's newest and youngest manager? And will she marry Tom? 
> 
> Here's a reminder of what Mr Socrates had to say about her:
> 
> * The promotion recognises your achievements at the company. 
> 
> * It is an opportunity of a lifetime.
> 
> * You would be my right-hand man.
> 
> * And if Anna accepts the job, here's what she could say.
> 
> * I'd be delighted to accpet. Thank you.
> 
> * When would I start?
> 
> * Could we discuss the terms and conditions of the new job? 
> 
> Let's find out what Anna has to say.

Oh Tom, I don't know what to say, it is come as a bit of shock. Could I have some time to think about it. 

Yeah well, I suppose.

Well, while you think about that, I've got some good news. I have been offered a new job. 

That is fantastic news Paul, what is it?

It is to be head taster at company called better biscuits.

That is fantastic news Paul.

Yeah, well done, Paul, **that is right up your street.** 

So Anna, does that mean you'll do Paul's job now? 

No wait, don't answer that, answer my proposal first. 

Quiet! everyone, I can't decide what to say to you Tom, or Mr Socrates.

So I've decided I am going to have a short holiday to have some time to think. 

Good idea, where shall we go? 

On my own, Tom, when I return I will give you my answer.

> A good idea Anna, but we're going to have to wait a while to find out what she decides.
> 
> She needs a rest after learning so much during her year at Tip Top Trding. 
> 
> We hope you've enjoyed learning with her and now feel more confident in using English at work! 
> 
> That is all from me and the team at Tip Top Trading for now. Until we meet again, bye!

recognise: v. 认可,识别,承认,认出

lifetime: n. 一生, 毕生.

consider: v. 考虑,思考,细想.

by any chance: (尤用于问句, 询问是否真实、可能等)或许, 可能

contact lenses: 隐形眼镜

dilemma: n. 困境；窘境；难题.

that is right up your street: 那整合你的口味.


