## Anna's decision - Language to announce your decision

> Hello again and welcome back to English at Work, the drama about life at the plastic fruit production company called Tip Top Trading. You may remember Anna, the company's newest brightest sales executive was offered a promotion and a marriage proposal at the same time. She has taken time out to think about her reply and everyone in the office really missing her. 

I don't know Denise, I would be good for Anna, I think we would be a perfect pair. Mr and Mrs Darcy, sounds good. 

I am back.

I... we weren't expecting you. Yes I can see that, perhaps you could tidy up your desk Tom. 

Very funny Anna, still trying to be the boss. Er did you have a good trip, did you get some **head space**? 

> He means time alone to think about the things you want to think about, tell him you've been chewing things over, it means you've been thinking about your proposals, and say:
> 
> * I've come to a final decision.

Well it is true, I've done a lot of thinking. Tom I did have some head space, and a chance to chew things over. 

Yeah and ?

And I've come to a final decision, the answer is yes, I accept. there is no doubt really, I should give it a go. I need the experience and besides, what's the worest thing that can happen.

Anna I am so happy, you won't regret your decision. 

> Is Anna really saying yes to Tom's marriage proposal, or has there been a misunderstanding. Here are some of phrases we've heard today:
> 
> * I've had a chance to chew things over.
> 
> * I've come to a final decision.
> 
> * I'll give it a go.
> 
> * You won't regret your decision. 
> 
> Find out if we can look forward to Anna and Tom's wedding in the next episode of English at Work, bye.


