## Tom's tantrum - Language to persuade someone to change their mind

> Welcome back to the offices of Tip Top Trading, where there is a bit of confusion. Anna...
> 
> I think Tom has got the wrong end of the stick. 
> 
> But I didn't give him a stick.
> 
> No, no, I think there has been a misunderstanding. When you said your answer was yes, he thought you meant yes I'll marry you. 
> 
> Oh no, I meant yes to the promotion. Gosh I've got to sort this out. 

Tom, Tom, hold on please. We can't hang about Anna. Let's fix a day, invite everyone, even Paul. 

No no we can't.

You are right, not Paul, he just talks about biscuits all the time. 

No I mean no, we can't get married. I meant yes to the promotion. I can't marry you. 

What? So when you said yes, you meant no?

Yes. I see. Right, that is it, I've made it very clear what I think about you, and you, you just throw it back in my face. I've had enough...enough of you... enough of this company. I quit!

> Anna, I think he is upset. He is having a **tantrum**.
> 
> A tantrum? Is that serious?
> 
> Not really. Maybe you need to calm him down and making him change his mind, tell him 
> 
> * Not to be too **hasty**. 
> 
> * Don't rush into a decision.
> 
> * We can work this out. 
> 
> You can, can't you. I think I can.

Tom, please, don't be too hasty. Let's talk about this. We can work something out. Just don't rush into making a decision. You are my best, my only sales executive.

Sorry Anna, **I am a free spirit**. I must go where the wind takes me. You've had your chance and now it is mine. I am off. 

> Well I've never seen Tom be such a man, Will this be the last time we ever see him? Here are some of the phrases Anna used to try and get Tom not to leave.
> 
> * Don't be too hasty.
> 
> * Don't rush into making a decision.
> 
> * We can work this out.

Oh sorry, I just forgot to take my special **mug**. Bye. 

tantrum: n. 发脾气

persuade: v. 说服, 劝服,劝说

hasty: a. 仓促的,草率的. 易怒的.

I am a free spirit: 我放浪不羁爱自由.

mug: 大杯.


