## Something is missing - Language for getting down to business.

> Hello again, at the offices of Tip Top Trading things are a bit strange after Tom walked... **stormed** out **in a huff** after realising that Anna was never going to marry him. 
> 
> So Anna I suppose you can get on with being the manager now? 
> 
> Yes I suppose so, but something is not right.
> 
> Well, you've lost a valuable member of the team. 
> 
> I know, and a good friend too.
> 
> Well you are the boss now, it is time to deal with the situation and get down to business, tell the team you will be finding a replacement for Tom, and you are going to make some changes in the office. You could also say:
> 
> * You want to turn the business around and make it really successful.
> 
> OK thanks.

Excuse me everyone, could we gather around for a quick meeting please? 

Anna? Oh, it is just you now, Denise.

Right well, I need to get down to business so I'll be advertising for a replacement for Tom today - in fact Denise, you might be interested in that?

And I want to make some changes in the office. I need to turn this business around and  make it the world's leading plastic production company and I am **keen to** hear your ideas. 

Is everything all right? 

I can't stop thinking about Tom, he seems so upset when he left and it is not the same without him around, he made me laugh and I miss his **floppy** hair. 

> Anna it is time to **swallow your pride!**
> 
> Swallow what?
> 
> Admit you are wrong - be honest with youself and follow your heart! Go and marry Tom. Although personally, I don't know what you see in him. 
> 
> You are right. Why didn't I see it? Tom is the man for me. I must call him and find out where he is. oh... no, his phone has switched off. Where can I find him?

Hey Anna, you looking for Tom? 

Yes Mr Ingle I am.

I saw him in a while ago, in a real **rage**, getting into a taxi. He told me, he booked a flight to Australia and was heading for the airport. He said something about be a free spirit. 

> Struth! Tom really is going too far - to the other end of the world in fact. Does this mean we will never hear from Tom again? 
> 
> For now, let's remind ourselves of some of the phrases Anna used to deal with the difficult situation. 
> 
> * I'll be advertising for a replacement for Tom today.
> 
> * I want to make some changes in the office.
> 
> * I need to turn this business round.
> 
> * I am keen to hear your ideas. 

... but work can wait, I've got to get to the ariport quickly before Tom gets on that flight. Taxi!

> This is going to be interesting!

storm out: 冲出, 愤然离去, 猛冲出去.

in a huff: 怒气冲冲, 生气.

be keen to: 热衷于...

floppy: a. 松软的, 松松垮垮的.

swallow your pride: 放下自尊.

rage: n. 狂怒. v. 发怒. 

in a while ago: 在不久前.
