## Last call for Tom - Language to say you've changed your mind

> Hello and welcome to English at Work where things have got rather dramatic. Anna is on her way to the airport to try and catch Tom before he boards to his flight to Australia and his new life on the other side of the world.
> 
> But will she get there in time?

Thanks.

Excuse me, do you know where the checking desk for flights to Sydney are.

Oh yeah, over there Luv, desk number 47.

Yeah always fly business class, it is the kind of guy I am actually, shame you are not avaliable to fly with me but you know...

Tom? Anna? What are you doing here?

Don't go, we need you, I need you. 

But I don't understand, you rejected me.

Yes but...

> But what Anna? what are you going to say? How can you tell him you were wrong and you've changed you mind?
> 
> Oh I don't know.

Tell him I've been doing a lot og thinking.

I didn't realise how much I missed you until you had gone.

I've changed my mind, I will marry you. 

Yeah, I heard all that, I am the other man who you are always talking to. 

Oh right! 

I see, well Tom, will you marry me?

Why should I, after all you've **put me through**?

Because Yom... you are a funny guy and I love you... I can't live without you.

Let me think about this.

If you put it like that then, yes I will marry you.

Hooray and last. We got there in the end but not without using these phrases:

* I've been doing a lot of thinking.

* I didn't realise how much I missed you until you had gone.

* I've changed my mind, I will marry you. 

* I love you, and I can't live without you. 

I won't be needing these anymore. Join us very soon for the English at Work wedding of the year. Bye!

put me through: 让我不痛快,让我痛苦.
